Adventure into The Unknown

Author: Ishigreensa

*013*2011-07-10 05:37

Chapter Four, Five, and Six are added here and in a few days Chapter Seven will replace the Chapter on the head Post.

Chapter Four

Looking out over the top of a ridge that overlooked a city in a valley, the five girls confirmed that they had reached the city that Mizuki had suggested they find help in. Jennifer kept low and near the outcropping of rocks still peering down into the valley. Sandra crouched next to her wondering what Jennifer was waiting for. Sook looked back towards the direction they had come with her back to a rock crouched low like Jennifer. Mizuki stayed low only because the others were doing so, and Kim was half dancing from foot to foot impatient to be out of her cold wet pants.

“What are we waiting for?” Mizuki finally asked Jennifer.

“Something’s not right,” a soft whisper barely made it to Mizuki’s ears.

“Those things from last night are trailing us,” Sook added. “I can hear them in the distance.”

“Those things? Do you want me to make the invisible shelter then?” Kim asked.

“I think it would be better to get down there before they return,” Jennifer stopped Kim by placing a hand on her shoulder. “I know you must be really embarrassed, but we really need to go down there, now. Are you going to be okay like that?”

Kim nodded. “I’ve peed my pants in public before,” she whispered her face burning with regret at those words. The other girls didn’t seem to pay any attention to the extra information though. One by one, they carefully started down the hill cautiously scooting from cover to cover because they didn’t know if any of those monsters were out there hiding as they were.

Finally, at the base of the hill that went down, the five girls looked around and then jumped up and walked on towards the town’s gate. Kim felt extra anxious as she felt the back of her cold pants, and she was nervous that everyone was going to be staring at that, rather than at the others who were dry.

Sandra called out as they approached the open gate. “We would like a place to rest for the night,” she called. “Is there a place for five young ladies to rest?”

“Try the inn just around the corner,” the guard shouted from a top the tower.

The town was rather large. The center of town had a huge market with more than twenty vendors selling one thing or another. The inn was past that, and a few of the town’s folk were staring at the new comers, paying even more attention, Kim felt, to the one in soaked pants.

Before the girls even reached the inn, however, they heard a loud bell and a calling from the guards on the towers. The Town’s people were running from every direction, to the border of the city with a variety of improvised weapons.

“The goblins are attacking!” was still sounding though the streets as the girls were drawn in with the crowd and moved towards the towers that defended the city.

Sook seemed to disappear into the shadows and Kim lost sight of her entirely. Sandra and Jennifer told Mizuki and Kim to stay back and try to leave the fighting for those that knew how to use a sword or spear properly. Then, they ran ahead to join the ranks of those that met the goblins at the front lines.

Mizuki and Kim were not the only ones standing back though. There were a few people standing back from the main event, and not all women and children either. One such man with a thin moustache, closed his eyes in concentration and lifted his arms dramatically waiting for some dramatic event that Mizuki thought would never come.

An ocean of cat-like monsters raced towards the towers with a ferocity that was unlike anything that Sandra had ever seen, but Jennifer just smiled thinking of her many hunting trips in Africa. It was new for the animals to be actually purposely charging the hunters down, but she felt it was no different. She pulled a short throwing spear from her bag and prepared to throw it as they neared.

The men on the towers were already firing arrows into the mass, but the goblins seemed to not even notice except when it was struck and permanently halted from its destructive path.

Sandra pulled out her heavy sword, nervous that it would be the first time to handle such a heavy weapon in any real need, but hopeful that at least her fencing classes might not have gone to complete waste. Half of the town were standing with put long poles and farming tools like pitch forks, and this gave Sandra a heavy hopeless feeling.

The first of the goblins came within range, and Jennifer waited until it was right upon her to launch the small spear directly into the creature’s chest just as it started to jump.

Some of the creatures were jumping up, and in mid jump, pulling the swords stored on their backs and landing with a heavy blade drawn to strike those below it. They were almost as powerful as large cats, but they seemed about half of Sandra’s height.

Sandra squealed and stepped forward a few paces, spinning around, and heavily cleaved the monster in half as it landed in an empty space. Yes, some of her fencing moves did work, but at the same time, the weight of the sword pulled her far off balance, and she fell on her thigh after cutting the monster in half.

Before another creature had jumped on her though, it sprouted a spear from its chest knocking it back away from her. Jennifer smiled and was now holding her spear menacingly towards three goblins that were trying to outflank her.

From the corners of shadows and hidden positions, arrows were shot which surprised the goblins. The cat-like creatures were used to the archers on the tower tops, and many goblins were already leaping up the walls, their speed and agility making them terrific climbers, and their strong claws and hands had enough power to allow them to climb the stony structures because there were many cobbles for handholds for them.

The ocean of the goblins came around the corner past the walls, for there were so many that those that met the front lines were so busy fighting that they could not stop all the ocean from getting past them and into the city.

Kim’s eyes grew wide, and she could only think to bring into being her magic invisible hut. The creatures ran through her hut as if she was not there, and continued to strike. Mizuki quickly took shelter in Kim’s hut, and smiled.

“Good thing you don’t hesitate,” she smiled.

“Yeah, but we need to do something else.”

Mizuki nodded and pulled out a throwing spear.

“Well, I guess…” she aimed it and threw it right into the chest of a goblin.

The goblin went down in surprise, but to Kim’s dismay, the hut also fell apart. The goblins charged right at her, and she ran from them. The cat like speed of the creatures would have been no match to outrun, but two of the goblins suddenly sprouted arrows from their backs dropping them short of Kim.

Mizuki continued fighting with her only other weapon, the spear she had found herself. The goblins were watching Mizuki carefully, but they were hesitant in approaching her too quickly for two of their number had suddenly dropped, and they were sure she had no weapon in her hands at the time those arrows sprouted from their comrades.

Suddenly, Sook came from the shadows squealing as she lopped off two heads that were still staring in shock. Sook smiled triumphantly, and didn’t see the goblin that had enough speed to surprise her, but without even thinking Kim threw her hands out in front of her as she stepped between the goblin and Sook, catching the goblin full in the face with a spread of fire.

The goblin recoiled and fell backwards holding its face long enough for Mizuki to run it through with a spear.

On the front lines, Sandra was facing two goblins and Jennifer had four of them surrounding her. All around them, the town’s people were in similar odds, and they could expect no help.

Jennifer thrust her spear full length to the right even letting go of the front of it to get the full extent causing it to penetrate the monster there, and in the same motions as bringing the spear back under control, butted the one that rushed up on her weakened flank in the chest knocking him backwards. She spun around and placed the remaining three, one that was winded and two undamaged opponents in front of her.

Sandra waited for the goblins to make their move, and seeing that they were going to collide at the same point, she backed off just enough that they were both on top of each other without realizing their mistake before she lazily swung downwards knocking their blades from their grasp.

Out of breath, Sandra looked around her and saw the battles starting to come to a close as the remaining cat-like goblins began running away. The in front her who were now weaponless, had turned to join those running away, and Sandra too concerned with those who were still carrying weapons, let the two run off.

Jennifer kept her spear close and in control now that the three goblins were all in front of her so that she left no opening for them, and as they contemplated their chances, the three leaped up as if to attack at once, but instead of charging, they had leaped backwards, and dropping their weapons, they ran off at full speed away from the battle.

Mizuki and Kim wondered about looking for their companions, and in so doing came across a few wounded town’s people. Mizuki’s heart sank when she saw a boy not much younger than she, but still younger, was lying in his own blood, and she approached him touching where he had been struck by a weapon.

Instantly, his blood seemed to slow, and his arm began to scar over. The healing had not been complete, but it was at least enough to keep him from dying from a loss of blood.

“Wow,” Kim was awed. “That’s amazing.”

“Yeah, I don’t know what I’m really doing, but I just felt something guide me to him,” Mizuki explained. “I know he’s still in pain, and it still hurts, but at least he won’t die.”

“Should we help him to a better place then?” Kim asked.

“That’s probably a good idea.”

As the girls gathered themselves up, however, a few people who had seen what was happening ran towards them.

“Miss? My boyfriend…” one started.

“My son,” another person shouted.

Mizuki was suddenly very afraid and started to run away with Kim. They had even abandoned the young boy that she had stopped from bleeding to death to get away from the ‘hungry’ crowd.

Their flight brought them right to the inn. They stepped inside and took cover at a far table hoping that they could lose the crowd there.

“Well, it looks like we’ve lost them,” Kim gasped as they sat a table.

“Ladies,” a scruffy old man came and sat next to them. He was wearing an old dirty apron, had a kindly smile upon his face, and was rather portly.

“Who… who are you?” Kim stumbled.

“I’m the inn keeper, here. Name’s Charles Black. So, what were you running from?”

“A mob,” Mizuki looked down at the table. “I don’t know how I did it, I just touched the boy, and he stopped bleeding.”

“A healer? In town?” There was something greedy about the man’s smile as it changed ever so slightly. “Well, if I can do anything at all to make you ladies any more comfortable, just let me know.”

“Actually,” Kim looked up at the man. She shook as she wasn’t used to talking to strangers. “One of the others… um… she has… our money. But she’ll be here when… um…” Kim became silent. She was really feeling out of her element.

“What she’s trying to say,” Mizuki took over. “Is that we are kind of new here, but one of our other friends has the money we intended to get a room with for the night.”

“Ah, well, don’t worry about money,” the inn keeper still had that greedy look in his eyes. “Regardless of whether your friend shows or not, I’m sure there is something you can do pay for the room.”

The two girls looked at each other and then shrugged.

“So, would you like to see your rooms?”

“Well, there will be five of us all together,” Mizuki added. “Is it possible to get two rooms with enough beds?”

“I’m sure we can arrange something like that, sure,” the old grisly man got up from the table. “Follow me,” and that’s when he noticed Kim’s smell and her pants. “What happened to you?”

Kim just looked down.

“She had a very small problem,” Mizuki said. “It’s nothing to worry about.”

“Well, then, the rooms are just up the stairs,” the man led them up.

Mizuki made sure that the man was gone and on his way back down the stairs when she turned back to the room and looked at Kim.

“Alright, young lady,” she looked at Kim seriously. “Get those pants off before you start getting a rash or something.”

Kim looked back at her like she was asking her to do something wrong. “Why?”

“Because you are uncomfortable, aren’t you? Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of you.”

“I’ m not a child,” Kim pouted.

“I know. I didn’t mean it like that. I just don’t want you to suffer, and you’ve been in those wet things for a while now.”

“I guess you’re right,” Kim relented and she slipped off her pants.

Her panties were now feeling clammy on her privates, and to some degree, though it had been a bit of a struggle to get the pants down her legs and off of her, it was a great relief to no longer have her legs encased in smelly wet pee.

Sandra, Jennifer, and Sook were on their way back through the town, worn out from their efforts when they saw the mob at the inn entrance. It had to have been the inn that the guard had meant for them to find since it was the only one visible since coming through town.

People were screaming from the outside.

“You have the healer in there, we know you do. Send her out to us, Inn Keeper, so she can do her work.”

“I’ve already ….” But the girls missed what he said as the crowd roared up drowning his words out with chants.

“Send her out! Send her out! Send her out!”

The Inn Keeper kept his doors locked. There was no way he was going to expose her to that mob and anyway, if he sent her out there, then he wouldn’t be able to use her as he had planned.

Up in the room, Kim was now a little more comfortable, and Mizuki had her sitting on a bed.

“When the others get back,” Mizuki smiled, “I’ll send them out for some clean things for you. I’m sure that Sook was going to get you something to wear anyway.”

“How could you be so sure of that?” Kim asked a shy smile on her lips.

“Well, she doesn’t hate you, and anyway, even if she wanted to refuse, I think I could convince her.”

Mizuki peeked out the door, and seeing it clear she walked to the top of the stairs and looked down to see what the main bar room was like. She saw the inn keeper sitting in a chair with a crossbow aimed at the door. He was going to shoot anyone that made it through the door, and Mizuki could tell that there was definitely that danger since the door kept betting pounded so hard that the noise was deafening, and the door vibrated.

“Oy,” Mizuki called down. “Is everything okay?”

“Yes, but please stay in your room until the crowds go away.”

“Well, I kind of have to pee, and I was hoping to get something to change my roommate into,” she had her hands on her hips.

“Please go back to your room. I’ll bring you some clothes in a bit when it calms down, but right now is not a good time unless you want that crowd to pick you apart for your healing power.”

“Healing power?”

“Don’t play dumb with me. I heard enough to know that you can heal people who are hurt.”

“I’ve only done it once,” Mizuki shifted nervously.

“Well, go to your room before they break in here and try to rush you. I’m sure you won’t be able to heal that whole crowd in one day, will you?”

“I don’t know.”

“Please do as I say.”

Mizuki returned to her room with her head down. She looked over at Kim who was in soaking wet yellowish stained white panties.

“I know you are uncomfortable,” she sympathized, “but I guess we’re kind of trapped here right now.”

Kim nodded realizing that that would be the case.

Mizuki then took her pants off because she figured that if she did wet herself, then at least it would be less of a problem if she just had on panties. Kim wouldn’t tell anyone if she wet her panties because she would be too embarrassed by her own problems.

Outside, Jennifer, Sandra, and Sook had just approached the inn. They felt like they were at a famous rock concert as they looked at the hopeless task of getting inside.

“What’s going on?” Sandra asked one of the town’s people?

“We are all trying to be seen by a great healer,” was the reply.

“A healer?”

“Yes. You know they are so rare.”

Sandra shrugged. She didn’t know how to reply to something that was so natural here, when she really had no idea of what they were talking about.

“Well, we’re looking for two girls who are kind of short,” Jennifer took the lead. “One is kind of Asian looking with a petite body, and the other one is white with black hair and green eyes.”

“What is Asian?” one of the people asked.

“So, we are definitely not on anything like Earth,” Sook thought.

“Do you think they are in there?” Sandra asked the other two.

Sook nodded. “This is the only inn, and since we haven’t seen them out there,” she pointed at the streets behind them, “then it’s just logical that they would have come here.”

“I wonder how they got past the crowds?” Sandra wondered aloud.

Mizuki sat in a chair, now starting to wiggle some and her face was sweating. She was nearly leaking, but not quite yet, and it was impossible to hide it from Kim, who had been watching her for a few minutes.

“Mizuki? Why are you trying so hard?” Kim asked her. “Maybe you should go see if the crowds have left yet.”

“They haven’t,” Kim frowned. “The inn keeper told me to stay here until he comes to get us. He knows I have to pee.”

“Well, you can’t sit there and wait all day,” Kim looked at her with tears in her eyes. “I don’t know if it’s okay or not, but really, I don’t see anything wrong with you wetting your panties if you are not able to go.”

“You sure didn’t feel that way when you were forced to wet because of that invisible hut, though, did you?”

Kim blushed. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.”

Mizuki was holding her crotch through her panties though, she knew that in a few minutes, she would have no choice anyway if her body decided to give up.

Outside, the crowds continued with the chants. They really wanted their healer.

“Well,” Jennifer shrugged. “I think we should just go relax somewhere else until things calm down here. It’s not like they’ll be in any danger there.”

“I suppose,” Sandra looked a bit sorrowful though.

“Are you worried about them?” Sook asked her brow furrowed. “I don’t think anyone here would hurt them.”

“No, I don’t think anyone here would hurt them, but I’m still wondering if we should be split up like this. What if we can’t find them again?”

Jennifer shrugged. “So what do you want to do? Camp out here with these savages?”

Sook shook her head. “I’d rather find a place to relax for a bit.”

Sandra looked down at the ground for a moment to delay answering.

“Well, I guess we know where they are, and I would rather know where you are too, so I guess lead on.”

Chapter Five

Mizuki returned to her room feeling a little dejected and worried about what might happen to them. Though she really wanted to go out to the outhouse, she really was scared of the mob that was parked outside the inn doors. The inn keeper was being a little strange, but he was trying to help them. She walked back into the room and then looked up at Kim with her soaked yellowish stained white panties.

“I know you are uncomfortable,” she sympathized, “but I guess we’re kind of trapped here right now.”

Kim nodded realizing that that would be the case.

Outside, Jennifer, Sandra, and Sook had just approached the inn. They felt like they were at a famous rock concert as they looked at the hopeless task of getting inside.

“What’s going on?” Sandra asked one of the town’s people?

“We are all trying to be seen by a great healer,” was the reply.

“A healer?”

“Yes. You know they are so rare.”

Sandra shrugged. She didn’t know how to reply to something that was so natural here, when she really had no idea of what they were talking about.

“Well, we’re looking for two girls who are kind of short,” Jennifer took the lead. “One is kind of Asian looking with a petite body, and the other one is white with black hair and green eyes.”

“What is Asian?” one of the people asked.

“So, we are definitely not on anything like Earth,” Sook thought.

“Do you think they are in there?” Sandra asked the other two.

Sook nodded. “This is the only inn, and since we haven’t seen them out there,” she pointed at the streets behind them, “then it’s just logical that they would have come here.”

“I wonder how they got past the crowds?” Sandra wondered aloud.

Inside the inn, Mizuki sat at the table holding herself and wishing that the crowd would go away. She held the crotch of her jeans with her hands and wiggle both of her legs wondering what to do. She was going to lose control if they made her wait much longer.

Outside, the crowds continued with the chants. They really wanted their healer.

“Well,” Jennifer shrugged. “I think we should just go relax somewhere else until things calm down here. It’s not like they’ll be in any danger there.”

“I suppose,” Sandra looked a bit sorrowful though.

“Are you worried about them?” Sook asked her brow furrowed. “I don’t think anyone here would hurt them.”

“No, I don’t think anyone here would hurt them, but I’m still wondering if we should be split up like this. What if we can’t find them again?”

Jennifer shrugged. “So what do you want to do? Camp out here with these savages?”

Sook shook her head. “I’d rather find a place to relax for a bit.”

Sandra looked down at the ground for a moment to delay answering.

“Well, I guess we know where they are, and I would rather know where you are too, so I guess lead on.”

Mizuki’s legs started to shake a bit and her body temperature seemed to go up a couple of degrees as her head started to develop beads of sweat from trying to hold it. She really wished that the crowds would just go leave her alone. It was one thing to get help from her, but quite another to trap her like this.

Kim watched Mizuki in fascination as she didn’t think Mizuki had ever been in this situation before. Mizuki could feel something else deep within her that she had never felt, also, and it was a bit confusing. Though she really felt like she was too old to be in a situation like this, and to be practically dancing about like a little child, there was something about rubbing her thighs together and squishing her womanhood between her strong thighs that was making her feel some form of light happiness between her legs. Having never had sex with a boy before, and rarely ever touching herself because she just never thought to do so, she had nothing to compare the light pleasure to, but it was definitely almost as bad at making her crazy as the desperation of holding back her pee.

Kim was getting curious at Mizuki’s struggling legs and her comical discomfort as she wiggled and breathed heavily. She approached the struggling Mizuki with a devious plan that would ‘help’ her since she knew that Mizuki was feeling as scared about wetting herself as she had felt in the invisible hut the two times before.

The slipping her thighs past each other and grinding her fingers into her vagina to press it against the hole in her juicy inners was not enough, and Mizuki could feel little rivets of beads of water slipping past like strong little goblins pushing at a heavy curtain trying to get it just far enough open that they can sneak out.

“You must have to go really bad,” Kim observed as she looked up at Mizuki for the third time.

“I do.”

“Well, I don’t see how you can go right now anywhere, so wouldn’t it be better to just remove your pants and go in corner?”

Mizuki looked down her face glowing red because she knew that she had suggested it, or at least thought it when Kim was in the invisible hut under the same situation, and she also now knew why Kim didn’t want to do it. Though there should be nothing to hold her back from doing so, she just couldn’t feel good about doing something like that on purpose.

Kim smiled. She knew that Mizuki was going through something similar to what she had experience just the night before.

“You know, I might have some magic that could help you.”

“Really?”

“Yes, but you’ll have to trust me.”

“Of course.”

Kim squatted next to Mizuki and looked up into her eyes.

Kim touched Mizuki’s legs with her soft gentle hands. “If you do lose it, I won’t tell anyone,” Kim promised. “I know how hard it must be for someone who has never had this problem before.”

Mizuki’s body shivered for a moment, and her hamstrings tightened as her hole felt a wave of rushing liquid hitting the seal, but thankfully for her, nothing yet slipped out. She bent over grabbing her crotch though, and tears in her eyes started to slide down her face anyway.

“Well,” Kim tilted Mizuki’s face towards her own. “If you are really that scared, and think you might wet, maybe you could just take off your panties too. That way, you would put pee over in a corner away from the other stuff. Surely that inn keeper must understand if you pee in the corner.”

Mizuki looked up at her. “I would do that, but…”

“But?”

“I’d be really embarrassed doing it with anyone watching.”

“Even just me?”

Mizuki nodded. Her hands were grinding her crotch trying to hold the hole between her wet lips. Her legs were wiggling and she was scooting in her chair. It was probably the worst thing a girl could do to move so much when she had to pee, but her body was panicking.

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Kim whispered to her. “You saw me pee my pants and you suggested I do the same, too, remember?”

“Yes, but we left the hut for you, didn’t we?”

Kim looked down for a moment. “Do you really want me to leave the room?”

“No,” Mizuki shrugged. “That mob is out there trying to get in, and I don’t know what they’d do to you even though you are not the healer.”

Kim ‘walked’ her fingers up Mizuki’s thigh towards her pelvis. Mizuki was too desperate to realize anything strange about it. She was just glad that Kim was talking to her and not berating her for her childish display of weakness.

Biting her lip, Mizuki thought seriously about Kim’s idea of just taking off her panties. She really did have to go sooner than later, and at least she wouldn’t pee herself even if she did have to pee in the room like a child and in front of someone her age.

Kim pulled at Mizuki’s knees, and weakened as Mizuki was from trying to hold it, she almost didn’t notice what Kim was doing. She was far into her own agony of a full bladder and trying to make up her mind about what she’d rather do about it. As soon as Kim pulled even a little so that she could see Mizuki’s lavender panties, a small spurt slipped past her hole and through her lips to dampen the cloth in her crotch.

“I found some magic that might help,” Kim suddenly had an inspiration. It was not really a lie, it just wasn’t really magic as Mizuki would think she meant it.

“Re—really?” Mizuki was desperate for any help at all.

“Yes, but you have to trust me,” Kim looked up at Mizuki with a sly smile.

“A—alright. What do I have to do?”

“Just relax,” Kim said. “I mean, keep pressure on your muscles for a few more minutes, but just let me take care of the rest of the magic, and don’t resist, okay?”

Mizuki nodded.

Kim reached up at Mizuki’s chests, which though it made her blush, she had remembered that her own kind of magic had caused her to touch Sandra and Sook in much the same way.

Kim slowly massaged Mizuki in small circles pulling and pushing at her breasts through her shirt. The scent from Kim’s wet panties, rather than making it torture, actually seemed to have just the right smell for the situation. Mizuki could feel her breast starting to respond in tingling pleasure. She had never experienced anything like this before, because she was such a serious student, she had never had time to really explore her body with another person before.

It was starting to work though. The desperate tingling from her bladder was slowing as Kim continued massaging her breasts. Mizuki tilted her head back and continued to feel the sensations of this new feeling. Kim gently guided her from the chair down to the floor unbuttoning Mizuki’s shirt on the way and continuing to rub her breasts.

From between Mizuki’s legs, she felt another tingling that seemed to shake at bit at her tailbone in her spine. She was squirming a little in pleasure, and she felt like Kim wasn’t really doing enough, but instead of complaining, she continued to enjoy what Kim was doing.

Kim did realize though, after a few minutes, that just teasing Mizuki’s breasts would not be enough, and even for her, it was getting personal. She laid on top of Mizuki, her wet panties touching Mizuki’s dry panties. Their legs were resting between each other, and Kim was now breathing heavily upon Mizuki’s neck.

Slowly, Mizuki’s body began leaking other stuff through her slippery lips below, and though the pressure on her bladder was pushing and should have been making her more desperate, instead, it was just making her slowly leak the pee along with the other mixed juices so that she didn’t realize what she was doing at the moment.

Kim continued with her ‘help,’ licking Mizuki’s breast with her tongue. The feeling was making Mizuki forget her surroundings, and she slipped further and further into a world of uncaring bliss. She was feeling good for the first time in a very long time. Slowly her panties damped and then became soggy with both girl burning juices from inside and with the pee that was slowly leaking through her.

Kim moved slowly down Mizuki’s body touching her wet panties and then fingering at the wet crotch and with her calm loving touch, Mizuki only felt peace and continued to enjoy the ‘more’ that she needed from her friend. Kim played with Mizuki’s pussy through her panties, feeling the golden liquid slowly leaking through them and smiling as she fingered her.

Eventually, Kim’s hand went in behind the cloth of Mizuki’s panties and was then touching the raw skin around the outside of the mound and just slipping a finger slightly into the lips and massaging both Mizuki’s opening to her birth canal and also lightly stimulating the girl’s pee hole which suddenly squirted some pee that Mizuki had noticed for the first time, but as she lie there wet and nearly in bliss, she just couldn’t bring herself to stop Kim. She just peed her panties on purpose at this point, not caring and just feeling the pleasure of her body. This had been the best feeling she had ever had, for in all her sixteen years, she had never had sex with anyone before.

Kim felt Mizuki’s body shudder with that passing feeling that she knew was the orgasmic finish for a girl, and she removed her hand wiping it on Mizuki’s panties which were basically drenched in cum, pee, and other stuff that was too secret to mention.

They lay on the floor exhausted from the pleasure for a long time, Kim and Mizuki both smiling, and though Mizuki had not really done anything back to Kim, Kim was wet from her inner secret fluids.

After what seemed like an hour or so, there was a knock at the door.

Kim stood up and walked to the door knowing it would be more embarrassing for Mizuki to do so.

“Ladies?” the inn keeper looked in on them. “The crowds have finally gone, but only because I promised them that the healer would start seeing them a few a day starting tomorrow.”

Kim nodded.

“Here are the clothes I’ve promised you both,” and he saw that Kim’s panties looked freshly wet in. “You didn’t pee on the bed, did you?”

Kim shook her head no.

“Okay. Well, I’ll be down stairs if you need anything else.”

“Wait,” Kim looked to Mizuki. “Um… our other friends…”

Mizuki sighed and knew that Kim was going to find it hard to talk to the stranger. She felt her face burn in embarrassment as she came into view of the man with her panties also soaked.

“We told you that we have three other friends. Have they come yet?”

“If they were in the crowd, I think they decided that I was sending them away too. I’m sorry, but if you had seen that crowd, you would know that I could not have singled them out without a problem starting.”

“If they come looking for Mizuki or Kim, then please let them up here, okay?” Mizuki’s face was redder than a cold wintery face that had no protection because of her embarrassment.

“Sure thing,” the man responded as he turned to leave the girls. It was then, that he saw the puddle on the floor. “I supposed I should get that cleaned up?” he asked the two girls.

Mizuki looked down a little ashamed.

“I’m sorry,” Kim told him. “But she couldn’t go through the crowd to find the bathroom, could she?”

“No,” the inn keeper agreed. “I’m sure she only did this accidentally. I’ll bring up some cleaning stuff after you two have enough time to put on some clothes.”

In another part of town, at larger bar room, the three girls sat alone at a table looking around at the people that were slowly strolling through the door talking about the healer.

“Don’t worry, old friend,” one scruffy warrior was saying to a younger and cleaner looking man. “The healer will help us. They know it is their duty to help those in need.”

“I just don’t know what I’ll do if I lose my son.”

“She’ll help. Something must have weakened her or I’m sure she would have been doing everything she could have after the battle.”

“She only healed one boy, though,” the young worried man continued.

In other places in the bar, the men were talking more about gaming and finding a nice piece of heaven to play with. The girls were nearly out of place there as they were the youngest and the only women in the establishment.

“Howdy, strangers,” a young man had taken a notice of them.

“Hey,” Sook smiled up at him.

Sandra kept her expression neutral, and her hand near her sword.

Jennifer ignored him completely and continued with her discussion with Sandra. “So, I think we should try to get back and see about the other two in about a couple of hours. By then, things should die down.”

“What’s your name?” the man looked down at Sook who had at least acknowledge him.

“Sook Nyul. If you are looking for ‘heaven,’ this is the wrong place,” she smiled a warning at him.

“Is it?” the man sat down next to her in the only empty chair at their table.

“It is,” she reassured him with a stern grimace.

“Well, suppose’n I want to take a bit of ‘Hell’ then?” his teeth were stained and tobacco was prominent on his breath.

“I don’t know,” Sook Nyul acted as though she thought about it carefully.

Sandra tapped Sook Nyul on the shoulder. “So, are you going to come back with us in a couple of hours?”

“Oh, I’ll be there eventually,” Sook calmly answered her friends. “but…” and she nodded at the stranger next to her. “I think I’m going to see what he has intended to do with ‘Hell’ first.”

“Oh,” Sandra blushed. “You should be careful though.”

“I know, but believe me, I’ve already had my share of ‘heaven and hell’ and I don’t really think that he could handle me if I decided that he was going too far.”

“Are you going to be anywhere in particular?” Jennifer joined in. “We would like to know where to check in on you if it seemed that you were taking a bit too long to find us.”

“How long would be too long, mommy?” Sook asked sarcastically.

“Oh, I was thinking that if you were not at our inn by morning, we should know where to find you if you are not in any kind of trouble.”

“I’ll be upstairs here, if this guy really wants to see what ‘hell’ is.”

“Alright.”

Sook went back to talking to the man. “So, what should I call you? Just Mysterious Knight, or Black Knight?”

The man smiled. “I’m Jake.”

“Well, Jake, you heard my friends. If you don’t treat me right, you might be facing five irate young ladies, and you wouldn’t want that, would you?”

The man quickly shook his head no.

Mizuki closed the door behind the inn keeper, and the two girls dressed into the clothes he brought for them. They were both glad to be in clean panties and comfortable clothes, but they were both rather long dresses, and quite impractical for fighting or traveling in. Still, they could use the dresses until they had their own things cleaned up.

“That feels a lot better,” Kim admitted.

“Kim?” Mizuki approached her. “Um… about earlier… the way you helped me, was it really… um…” Mizuki was a bit nervous about actually finding out. She stared at Kim for a few minutes.

“It did help, right? You were able to wait a little longer than you would have if nothing was done, right?”

Mizuki nodded. “But I still ended up wetting my pants.”

“Yeah, well, I knew it wouldn’t keep you from doing it forever,” Kim shrugged. “It’s just I saw you trying really hard, and thought you were going to cry if you couldn’t wait, but this way, you didn’t even cry.”

“I was still embarrassed.”

“Are you saying I should never do that for you again?”

“No,” Mizuki looked down. “It actually felt good, and I wouldn’t mind if you helped me again sometime like that.”

“I will,” Kim smiled shyly her face burning a little. “But please don’t tell anyone else about it yet. I’m a little embarrassed myself at helping another girl like this. Usually, it should be done with a boy, I think.”

“Oh,” Mizuki thought about what that might mean, and as she remembered the feelings she had, she blushed even harder as she realized exactly what Kim had done with her. “Don’t worry. I wouldn’t want to admit to the others that I had to ask you to help me ‘hold it’ anyway.”

Kim nodded.

“I thought you were shy?” Mizuki suddenly realized how bold Kim had been.

“I am… I mean, I am around strangers and too many people at once, but with a good friend, one on one, I’m not that shy.”

“Did you really use magic though?” Mizuki finally asked.

“No,” Kim looked into Mizuki’s eyes. “I mean, I didn’t use any magic from that book, but it is still a kind of magic that even exists on Earth.”

“I see. I’m glad I was trapped with you. It would have been terrible to be like that with any of the others.”

The two girls sighed and sat on the bed thinking about what they would do next. They still didn’t want to leave the inn in case there were people that would recognize them and start the mob thing all over again.

Long before the end of the two hours, Sook and the young man had already disappeared up the steps. Sandra looked up there as the agreed time rolled around for Sandra and Jennifer to return to the other girls.

“Don’t worry about her,” Jennifer tried to calm Sandra. “She knows how to take care of herself.”

“Still, she’s alone with a man that’s at least ten years older than she is. What if he does try to force her into something?”

“I’m pretty sure Sook is crafty enough to get away, and that young man would probably be quite sorry if not dead when she managed to escape as well.”

“I suppose you are probably right.”

The two girls walked into the street, and those around them looked at them as though they were an important omen.

“The guardians,” some of the town folk said as though they had recognized them for the first time.

“Guardians?” Sandra asked aloud to one of the men that was following along with them as they walked to the inn where they had left Mizuki and Kim.

“Yes. Are you the ones that protect the healer?”

Sandra and Jennifer looked at one another and then at the man again.

“Oh, come on, don’t play like that with me. I’m not an idiot. Everyone knows that the healer never travels alone. She has her two guardians, her advisor, and a dark one that she keeps a close eye on.”

“Are you calling one of the girls that was with us a healer?”

“Isn’t she?” the man asked. “I am sure you five are the only new ones in town, and we saw with our own eyes, that she had helped a young boy that was about to die.”

“I’m sorry, I missed that,” Jennifer said with a smile. “I don’t really think we have the healer with us since we are new here. Maybe it was just a fluke incident, and maybe one of our girls has some ability that is close to your healer.”

“But Guardian, are there not five of you?”

Sandra thought about it and knew that he was right about the number. “couldn’t we be a different five girls that you don’t know about?”

“Five different girls, two of which happen to do magic, two which fight like ogres and one mysterious girl? How can things be so coincidental the man argued with them. I can see through the disguise and as my reward, would you please allow the healer to see my wife first?”

“We do not tell anyone in our group what to do,” Sandra looked at him sternly.

“Of course, the healer is probably the one in charge,” he looked down. “But if you would just tell her how bad off my wife is, maybe she would agree to see her first.”

“I am sure you have the wrong girls,” Jennifer tried to explain to a man with deaf ears.

The man finally was shaken off, but both Jennifer and Sandra knew that he still considered one of the two girls at the inn the healer. They walked to the inn and knocked on the door. The inn keeper peeked out the door having closed his establishment for the evening to keep the healer safe.

“The healer is not available,” he told the two girls.

“We are not here to see the healer,” Sandra spoke up. “Two of our friends went here at about the time that the fighting had started.”

“What are your friends’ names?”

“Mizuki and Kim,” Jennifer added.

“Oh, yes. You must be the guardians.”

Jennifer and Sandra looked at one another with a resigned feeling that they were going to be over their heads soon. They just nodded so that the man would let them in.

“They reserved a couple of rooms for you, but where is the fifth girl?”

“She is still out exploring,” Jennifer smiled. “She likes to see what her surrounding have to offer her.”

The man nodded as though he understood what she was saying. “Well, she said something about one of you others paying for the rooms?”

“Ah, that would be Sook,” Sandra looked at him. “I wouldn’t count on Sook just paying you though. She is very clever and has cheated many people in her life because of her harsh upbringing.”

“Well, how would you girls like to let the healer do some community service here for our people as payment for your rooms?”

“That sounds kind of fair, but how long would she be required to stay and perform the service?” Jennifer asked.

“I was thinking at least a week. You will not have to worry about food or a place to sleep during that time either.”

“I’ll asked her,” Sandra looked the man in the eye. “If she doesn’t want to do it, then we’ll pay you another way.”

The man nodded.

As soon as Sandra and Jennifer saw the others safe, they ran into the room and hugged them tight.

“We were so scared we lost you,” Sandra said breathlessly.

“Actually, Sandra was scared,” Jennifer smiled. “I knew you two came here, and that you would be smart enough to stay in one place until we could get to you.”

“Where is Sook,” Mizuki asked.

“She’s having some fun,” Jennifer smiled. “Now, there is one problem.”

“Yeah,” Kim interrupted. “They think Mizuki is a healer, and we were trapped here forever.”

“Well, they still think she is, and the inn keeper wants us to pay for the room by letting Mizuki heal some people over the course of a week.”

The two smaller girls looked down.

“Well, first of all, Mizuki, can you really heal people.”

“I’ve done it once,” she shrugged. “There was a boy close to death and though I didn’t really make his condition much better, I did prevent him from dying.”

“Well, then the second question is are you up to trying to use your ‘power’ to help the people here?”

“Of course, if a person has a power, that power should not be wasted and if they need my help then I am only too happy to help them.”

“Alright. If you feel week or anything though, you let us know immediately. Sandra and I will stay with you at all times to make sure you are safe, and that you are not exhausted.”

A few minutes after Sandra and Jennifer had arrived, the inn keeper came up with some clothes for them. These clothes were different, and were definitely made more for fighting, but also they were somewhat indecent as the girls’ breasts were emphasized and their privates barely had any cover at all between their legs.

Jennifer had no trouble at all with the garments and appreciated the clean clothes and also the functionality of them, but Sandra felt a little more comfortable in the jeans and shirt she was already wearing.

Chapter Six

By the next morning, Sook and Jennifer were in the second room and Mizuki and Kim were joined by Sandra in their room. Sandra took the top bed of the bunk and Mizuki and Kim shared the bed below.

Jennifer was the first to open her eyes, and she looked around the inn room adjusting her eyes, and realized fairly quickly that this was no dream. She stretched and sat up looking up to the top bunk hearing the soft snore of Sook. She smiled to herself. The sun was barely up giving a very faint light to those things below it.

Jennifer slid out of bed, and put her warrior’s garb that the inn keeper gave her the night before on. She then walked to her room door and opened it to look out into the corridor and then over the landing at the empty bar below. She was probably the first one up in the whole town, she thought.

She quietly made her way down the stairs and to the back door to find it locked, and she couldn’t get it open. She then went to the front of the inn and found the same problem. That was it. She would have to just go back upstairs and wait for the inn keeper to open things up.

In the other room, on the lower bunk, water had already gushed all over the bedding and soaked the two girls, but neither one had awakened because of it. Kim was used to wetting the bed, and Mizuki had slept with a bed wetting sister for so long, that it just felt like home when Kim wet herself in her sleep.

The morning hours were quiet. No one seemed to be moving much, and Jennifer decided to just rest in the corridor, her spear out and ready. She felt that as long as she was the only one awake, it was her job to guard the others even though they were in town.

Finally, after nearly thirty minutes of sitting in the hall alone, the grisly man, his hair a rat’s nest from sleeping, walked up the stairs.

“Oh, guardian. I’ve made some breakfast if it would please you to eat downstairs.”

“What I really need is to go to your outhouse,” Jennifer whispered feeling like any real talking might wake the others behind the closed doors.

“Well, I’ve opened the back door, so I’m sure you can take care of that too,” he smiled at her.

Jennifer stood up and looking at the closed doors, she shrugged thinking that there was little chance of something happening in the little time she’d be out in the outhouse.

Mizuki woke up, and noticing the wet bed, she smiled at Kim who was still asleep. She almost thought that Kim was like her sister in some ways. Yesterday had been embarrassing, but now, she felt like she was definitely the stronger sister again, as it was Kim’s turn to be wet, and she was the one that would have to comfort the other.

As Mizuki sat up stretching, Kim became aware of the movement and sat up her face flushing as soon as she realized that her bedding was wet around her. She knew it wasn’t Mizuki this time. But Mizuki just hugged her and whispered.

“We should get up and see if we can get a bath and some better clothes than the long dresses. A long dress might be nice at times, but if I’m going to be healing a lot of people and touching them like I did that boy yesterday, I should definitely wear something a little cooler.”

Kim nodded.

It wasn’t long before all five of the girls were down at breakfast, two of the girls in wet panties, one girl dressed in skimpy warrior’s dress and two girls in their regular clothes.

The only people there at this time were the inn keeper and the girls. He eyed the girls in wet panties. Sandra wasn’t sure if he was looking a bit upset or if we was trying to look for other reasons, but the fact that he hadn’t yelled at them and kept trying to look made her suspect that he might have liked something about it.

“Excuse me,” Sook interrupted him looking at them. “I’m really sorry, but your taste in clothes really has something to be desired. Would you please take me to where you got our clothes and let me pick out something for those two and myself?”

The inn keeper nodded.

Later that day, after Sook and the man came back with nice blouses and skirts for the smaller girls, and jeans for Sook and Sandra, Mizuki found herself sitting at a table in the inn listening to the problems of the town’s people deciding which sick family members to visit first.

On each side of the table, Sandra and Jennifer kept the crowds from getting angry towards the weaker girls. Kim sat next to Mizuki giving her advice and helping her to decide which needs were more urgent and penciling in the schedule. Off in the corner, being unobservable, was Sook watching.

By the end of the afternoon, the inn keeper closed up shop, and they had already planned Mizuki’s next five days, provided she had enough energy to meet with those obligations.

“We don’t even know if I can help that many people, or if my magic will be strong enough for some of the things they want me to do,” Mizuki complained to Kim as the inn keeper locked the inn door.

“Well,” he turned to face her. “Just do what you can. I’ll insist that you rest before you collapse, and that’s one of the reasons I only allowed five healings a day. I can tell that though you maybe a healer, your powers are still quite weak and fragile.”

The two girls nodded at him.

“Well, when can we have dinner?” Sook asked from her table.

“I’ll have it ready in about a couple of hours. Perhaps you girls would like to get a bath?”

“That does sound good,” both Mizuki and Kim said at the same time.

“I’ll come too,” Sandra said as much to protect them as because she felt as dirty.

“You girls will find the wash room just out back. If you need anything you only need to holler and I’ll hear you.”

The girls nodded and made their way to the washroom, but Jennifer and Sook went upstairs instead to talk about other things.

“I don’t trust this guy,” Sook told Jennifer. “I think he’s going to try keeping Mizuki here as long as he can because I’m pretty sure he just charged everyone that came in to meet with her money. She is almost like his little gold mine.”

“I understand your concerns,” Jennifer shrugged. “But Mizuki wants to help the town’s people, so we should let her as long as she wants to do it.”

“What about us finding our homes and doing what we need to do?”

“I thought that while Mizuki was healing people, you might go about the town looking for a wizard that could help us find our way home.”

“That’s a great idea.”

Sandra, Mizuki, and Kim were finally able to relax in a deep tub of hot water that seemed quite as large as a small swimming pool with in a glass house behind the inn. They were quite happy to be in there, and for the first time, the two girls who had been wet, were fully relaxed in what seemed like hours.

“So, you are really going to try to heal the people in town?” Sandra asked Mizuki.

Mizuki nodded. “I’ll do as much as I can.”

“You need to be careful of your health and don’t let them wear you out too much,” Kim added. “You know that you only can do so much.”

“I know. I think we’ve planned it pretty well so I can rest as I need it.”

“Yes, I think so too,” Kim looked at Mizuki with watery eyes. “But still, we don’t really know how this magic works, so we do need to be careful.”

The warm tingling water massaged the girl’s aching bodies and it dissolved the slimy feel that was between and all over Mizuki’s and Kim’s legs previously.

After nearly an hour in the tub, Kim and Sandra were finally ready to get out, but Mizuki was enjoying it too much. They looked at her a little curiously.

“What? This is like a public bath in Japan. It’s relaxing, isn’t it?”

The two other girls had to agree that it was relaxing, but they felt that it was enough, and they really wanted to go upstairs now.

“Alright, I’m coming,” Mizuki realized that Sandra was still a little nervous of leaving her on her own because of the recent events.

Back inside the inn, the owner had already prepared a wonder feast for the girls with bread rolls, chicken, potatoes, peas, corn, and soup. It was quite a lot, and the girls felt quite stuffed as they started up for bed.

Mizuki and Kim reluctantly pulled back their blankets expecting to find the bed as they had left it the morning before, but to their surprise, clean sheets and blankets had been swapped. On top of that, when they climbed on the bed, they could hear some plastic from under the bottom sheet.

“I guess they realized that one of us sometimes wets the bed,” Mizuki smiled at Kim. Kim looked up at Mizuki with soft eyes of sorry wanting to apologize because she knew that the others were too tall and big to accommodate another girl in their beds, and only the two smallest could really sleep together in any kind of comfort.

“Maybe I should just let you have the bed,” Kim looked at the floor.

“None of that, Kim,” Sandra said. “If Mizuki doesn’t want to sleep with you, I can let her sleep in my bunk.”

Mizuki saw that Sandra took up quite a bit of the bed though and shrugged. “Like it said, my younger sister has the same problem, so I don’t really mind.”

The following morning however, the bed that Kim and Mizuki shared was completely dry, and the girls were put right to work as soon as they had had breakfast.

Mizuki spent three hours seeing people, and she carefully balanced her power so that she didn’t use too much on one person. This way, in three hours, she saw six people before she was feeling too exhausted to continue.

The town’s people were happy enough with what light healing she was doing for they really didn’t understand the healing power that much and realized that she might have been a healer, but that she was a little weak and she was not the Healer that they had been hoping for.

After lunch and a long nap, Mizuki was able to heal a few more people before she was too tired to do anything else.

Sook, however, was not spending her day watching Mizuki heal the town as the others were doing. She was outside looking around and talking to people. The first person she came across, was someone she had met the previous night.

“Jake,” she hugged him upon approaching him.

“Sook!” He was just as happy to see her.

“We need some help from someone that knows about things like world traveling.”

“You mean like getting to the demon’s world and such?”

“Yes, something like that,” Sook smiled at him.

“Well, the only person I know of like that, lives in the white spiral castle, but I don’t even know if Madame Tuesday knows where that is.”

“Do you think I might be able to talk to her?”

“Sure. Let me take you to get something appropriate to wear though first because she is a very picky lady, and if you are not dressed right or you don’t behave right, she won’t even see you.”

“Sure,” Sook agreed.

Jake took Sook to the inn on the other side of town and put her up in a room, then he went out somewhere to get her something. Sook went down to the baths for the inn and met several other people there. Obviously, they didn’t care if the girls and boys bathed together in this strange land, but that wasn’t going to stop her from taking a bath especially if this Madame Tuesday was that picky.

Three young men watched her step towards the water, her privates exposed to them. Sook just smiled.

“It’s off limits if you know what is good for you,” she said smoothly. “My boyfriend is very big and very jealous.”

The young men laughed a bit about what she was saying, and then decided it was safer to go back to talking among themselves. On one side of where she had entered the bath, and older woman smiled her approval at what Sook had said.

The bath felt pretty good, and when Sook returned to her room, Jake was waiting there with some pretty new clothes for her. She felt a little funny at first with him standing there casually while she could only hold her arms across her chest and stand with her legs together to hide her vagina from view.

“I’m sorry,” he apologized. “I was just bringing you some clothes. I didn’t know you were going to take a bath.”

“It’s okay. But what is that, that you are expecting me to wear?”

“Just a short sleeve dress that comes to your knees—I know it’s not something a warrior type like you likes to wear, but if you want to see Madame Tuesday, she insists on girls dressing like girls.”

“Alright. But she better have some good information,” Sook sighed. As she looked the outfit over though, she could see that there was more to it than a dress that she had to wear.

There were the usual girl’s bra and panties of course, but over the bra was an under slip that fell just past her pelvis, a second slip that had ruffles under it to puff out the dress, and white panty-hose that she was to put on. All this stuff was going to be really hot, but it was meant to make her look elegant and beautiful.

“I suppose I have to wear make-up too?” she inquired of Jake.

“It wouldn’t hurt,” he smiled at her.

“Fine, but I don’t have any.”

“I didn’t think that someone like you would normally have an opportunity to use any,” he produced a small make up purse.

“What is that supposed to mean?” Sook put her hands on her hips as she stared at him still in her first slip.

“Only that you are always traveling with the Healer, so you wouldn’t have much time to meet with guys,” he shrugged.

Sook smiled and dropped the conversation. It was hard to explain to him that Mizuki was really not the healer because everyone in town believed her to be so, and it was hard enough for her to explain where she came from. Only the person in the white spiral castle would know her real story might be able to send her home.

Not being very good at wearing dresses, she let Jake help her with this one, and in no time, he was zipping up her back. She felt like it was quite a hindrance and as she pulled up the bottom of her dress, she realized that the only way she could use the toilet was to pull the dress down from her shoulders because the ruffles were in her way otherwise.

“This dress is not very convenient,” she confessed to Jake.

“I know. None of the things that ladies wear makes much sense,” he produced a pair of black high heels to complete the assembly. “Now what you need to realize, is that you must act like a lady at all times in front of this woman.”

“What does that mean?”

“Well, childish behavior and even rude little movements like swinging your legs while you are talking is considered rude. You must keep your heels together when you are sitting, and try to use upper class language when you talk.”

“It seems like a lot to go through just to get some information. Are you sure that no one else would know where to find the white spiral castle?”

“I’m sure,” Jake smiled. Secretly, he liked the discomfort that Sook was in.

“What of my weapons?” she asked him.

“You can take them with you, but you will be asked to leave them at the door. There is no reason, in her eyes, that a lady needs a pair of swords just for a quiet little talk.”

“I see.” Sook was really beginning to hate how difficult this woman was no matter how important she thought she was.

Finally, Sook and Jake walked through the city to find the woman’s house. It was about this time, that Mizuki had finally gotten a rest for lunch. Mizuki stood up and started towards the outhouse with Kim. Outside the outhouse, Mizuki could see Kim openly holding herself, and just decided to let her go first because she had a history of not doing too well with keeping dry if pushed to her limits.

Sandra and Jennifer waited by the outhouse door trying to protect the smaller girls, but inside, Sandra also had to use the bathroom quite badly herself. She worried that if she didn’t get a chance soon, she would start squirting in her panties, but she was also nervous about leaving the weaker girls out in the open, and decided she would have to wait until they were in the room resting before she could go no matter how much her privates were burning to urinate.

Now, Sook was just coming upon a larger three story house, for all the other places around it were only single or two floor buildings. This made her place seem as though it was the most important all over the city, and even the mayor’s house only had two stories to it.

Jake walked Sook to the door, and then he bowed himself away. “I’m not dressed for a place like this,” he told Sook. “Just be respectful and lady-like and she’ll tell you what you want to know.”

Sook nervously stepped up to the front porch and knocked at the wooden door.

At the other end of town, Kim just came out of the bathroom, and Mizuki went in. Sandra clenched her legs together as she stood guard protecting the two girls. Jennifer watched the back door to the inn and the bath house ready to challenge any who would approach the ‘Healer’ while she was in her weakened state.

Sook was led to a sitting room by a woman in a traditional black and white servant maid’s uniform. She said not a word, but quietly followed the severe looking woman to the nice little sitting room where there were plenty of sofas and easy chairs to choose from. On an inn table, she saw some snacks, but she ignored these as well, waiting for the mistress of the house to invite her.

Finally, about ten minutes later, the mistress came in.

Kim came out of the bathroom, and Sandra and Jennifer took the two young mages straight up to their room to rest. There were plenty of people in the inn watching so that Sandra was glad she had decided to take Mizuki up, but her lower regions was protesting this choice as her mound throbbed with a mixed sensation of pleasure and pain.

“Well, you have come to see Madame Tuesday,” a woman with grey-white hair waltzed into the room. “I hope that you are not here to waste my time.”

“I really am sorry to bug you, but we are in need of finding the White Spiral Castle,” Sook was finding the old lady very strict and hard to talk to without stuttering. Her legs were starting to shake from being nervous.

Up in their inn, Mizuki was asleep in Sandra’s bed so that if Kim wet the bed, then Sandra would still be presentable for her afternoon appointments. Kim was starting to fall asleep in her bed, and Sandra whispered to Jennifer.

“Now they are taken care of, I really need to use the outhouse.”

“Oh, well I do too,” Jennifer confessed. “If we both go, then who’ll watch the girls?”

“Oh, damn,” Sandra complained. “Well, if you don’t let me go soon, I’m not sure I’m going to be dry for very much longer.”

“Well, I guess if you are that bad off, you should go first,” Jennifer smiled.

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah.”

Sook was sitting in the sitting room trying to control herself in front of the severe woman. She looked at her wondering if she was going to tell her about the White Spiral Castle.

“Well, it is better manners to have a bit of polite conversation before getting to the point,” Madame Tuesday informed Sook. “However, since that is what you’d like, and you are no doubt with the Healer, I guess it wouldn’t hurt to tell you.”

Sandra walked out of the room to the landing, and with her legs as close together as she could, she climbed down the stairs wiggling a bit trying to keep her muscles tightly closed. It really burned down there, and the throbbing of her inners was really making things difficult. The bar room at the bottom of the stairs was full, and she was sure that the bath and the outhouse would have lines which would mean she would be lucky not to draw any attention to herself especially if she started to have an accident.

Up in the room, Jennifer in her warrior’s dress with just a small cloth covering her privates felt no reason to try so hard holding it, and she slowly wet this cloth when she felt her pussy throbbing with the desire to urinate. She tried to let just enough out that she hoped it wouldn’t be noticeable when she went to the bathroom, but she wasn’t going to sit in discomfort waiting for Sandra to get back either.

Sandra gained the bottom of the stairs, her hand now rubbing the sides of her thighs because she was scared of grabbing herself in front of all of those people, but the throbbing of her mound was making it really hard for her to hold it, and any minute, she was going to pee her pants. She knew it.

The two mages were soon sleeping. Jennifer looked to the door as she feel a little leak ooze out for the second time as she sat there waiting. Her panties were a little damp now, but she really didn’t care if she peed herself or not as long as no one else realized that she had done so.

Sandra walked through the bar sweating as she felt that everyone was watching her move because her hands were getting fidgety enough to grab her pussy to keep the throbbing from forcing any pee from her tightly closed hole. She could see the backdoor not more than ten paces in front of her, but the throbbing was getting worse and worse, and she didn’t know if she was going to be able to wait or not.

Jennifer shifted a bit and let a little more ooze out for the third time feeling a bit of dampness now under where she was sitting. She knew she better stop letting it out for now or someone would know she was peeing her panties.

Sandra finally came to the door, and she felt a little ooze into her panties as she opened the door. Her face became bright red and she ran out the door to see that there was a line in front of the outhouse and there were several people waiting to get into the baths. She could only hobble to the line that was outside of the outhouse.

Jennifer looked to the door again as she felt another spurt at the closed door of her pussy wondering whether to let it out or not. She knew that if she let it go this time, there was no way her cloth would hide the puddle that would form beneath her. She danced a bit in the chair she sat in shifting her weight hoping to find a better way to stop it from wanting to come out so much.

Sandra’s hands were not between her legs without shame. There was no way she could depend on her muscles to stop it coming out any longer for she already felt a bit more oozing into her panties making them feel damp at the front of her crotch.

There were still two other women in front of her.

Sook had finally finished talking with the old madame by this time, and she was on the way back to the inn. She was thinking hard about what to do about the week because Mizuki had promised to help for a week, but the Madame Tuesday had said that by the end of the week, the White Spire Castle would move again.

Sandra’s legs were in constant motion rubbing the thighs together vigorously as she danced in place waiting for the woman inside to finish so that the next woman of two in front of her could go in. Her crotch already felt damp, and she could feel the building pressure throbbing against her mound again.

Jennifer looked at the door in despair knowing that she could not staff off the building pressure, and willingly spread her legs just wide enough to let another spurt slip out of her panties, darkening the small cloth between her legs. She shrugged knowing she’d have to be honest with Sandra and just tell her that she peed her pants. She decided that if she had to tell her the truth, then there is no point in trying to wait any more. She spread her legs and just let it all out.

Sandra was in line feeling the throbbing in her pussy as the door opened and the girl that seemed to be in there forever came out. Now, there was only one girl between Sandra and the bathroom door but behind that bathroom door was the next girl peeing.

Sandra groaned as she felt a little bit of a squirt slip through her throbbing muscles and add to the dampness in her panties making her bottom now feel a little cool. She was not winning this one. If she didn’t get into the bathroom or at least back up to her room before the next bit escaped, she would have to walk through the bar in soaked pants.

Sandra waited another second, and even looked back at the closed door to see if it would open just as she came to the bar back door, and with it still closed, she just shrugged and walked through the bar, her hands still holding herself to keep it inside until she could get up to the privacy of her room. The problem came when she had to climb the stairs.

Sandra started to climb the first step when she realized that stretching her leg up to get up the stairs would weaken her muscles’ hold on her pussy and allow it to leak. She looked back at the bar and knew that she was trapped. She could go back outside, but would no doubt find more women waiting to go into the outhouse, and her pussy was already throbbing with another wave of liquid assaulting her sensitive hole that was only kept closed by the power between her legs and her weakening pelvic floor muscles.

She sighed and lifted her leg up to climb the first step feeling a squirt in her panties. There would be no way she’d be dry by the time she got to the top, but it couldn’t be helped. She climbed the stairs with a tear falling from her eyes as she felt the warmth of liquid slipping past her panties and darkening her pants. She was outside the door to her room, and her pants were soaked.

Inside, Jennifer was sitting in the chair in a puddle. When the door opened, both girls looked at one another sheepishly, and neither had to say a word. They simply shrugged at one another and looked for something among the clothes that had been given them to change into. It was a compromising situation to be found all wet, but at least the only other that had seen them like that, in full view was also a girl that was soaked.

*016*2011-07-16 22:15

Chapter Seven

There Be Goblins in them there Hills

At the end of the week, Mizuki and Kim went to see Madame Tuesday again because of course the White Spiral Castle would have moved, but Mizuki was performing a service for the town. She was sure that Madam Tuesday would not be upset about that, should have no reason not to tell them again, if she had told Sook the first time.

Sandra and Jennifer waited outside Madam Tuesday’s house because inside, they would have to give up their weapons,and that would mean leaving Mizuki and Kim defenseless as they were concerned. Sook on the other hand,decided to go get some more clothes and some supplies for their trek to find the white Spiral Castle.

“Of course, I’ll tell you where you can find the castle,” Madam Tuesday smiled at the two girls before her. Madam Tuesday was dressed in an elegant gown with shiny black shoes. Her hair was fixed into a sever bun that rested at the back of her head. “But you must realize that even though you find may find the castle, that someone with great power had summoned the healer.”

“I thought you knew that we were from another world,” Mizuki said quietly.

“Of course I know that. All of the healers have always been from another world, but none of them went home without the summoning force’s consent. The one that had summoned the Healer and her guardians is very powerful.”

“Do you know where we can find the one that summoned her then?” Kim asked shaking from her nerves as she sat before someone that gave the aura of a queen or someone equally important.

“I am sorry, but there are many in this world powerful enough to call for a healer. I know that he or she has real need of you though, for a healer is not called upon lightly.”

“Well, unless you can give us some more specific information,” Mizuki shook her head. “The white castle is the only place that we know can help us. If this powerful force wants us so bad, then it will surely intercept us on the way.”

“You make a valid point,” Madam Tuesday nodded. “There is something you should know about goblins though. They are many, and the direction in which you travel is straight through their lands. They have an excellent sense of smell, and the only way that invisibility can truly work on them, is to avoid any perfumes, to avoid smelling at all. Even breaking wind can lead them to where you are really standing.”

“If the place we are standing is inside a hut, can they really get into it?”

“Yes, Goblins do know something about magic. If you use the invisible hut often, make sure to mask your smells and your noises as well if you think they are near. Put your dirty laundry away and wrapped up well, or they will find you.”

“We understand,” Mizuki started to say?

“Do you? Understand, that if even one of you girl seven leaks a tiny bit of pee in her panties while the goblins are nearby, it will detect the invisible hut and get in at you.”

Mizuki and Kim both nodded. “We’ll be sure to tell the others,” Mizuki promised. “So where is the White Castle?” Not more than a couple of hours later, the five girls were walking up the slope into the mountains away from the city. Sook had three bags of supplies which Sandra, Jennifer, and herself gladly carried. They all agreed that weighing down Mizuki and Kim would not only do no good, but if Kim was kept free, she could read through her magic papers to find more helpful magic to help them on their journeys, and Mizuki could probably use her magic with animals if they became lost while wondering through the mountains.

Goblins are very fast, as they run like cats during a hunt, and they can smell out prey and hear exceptionally,but their disadvantage was sight especially during bright daylight hours. The fact that they can smell through invisible barriers but not through mountains of layers of cloth meant that the best way to be safe, was that at night, when goblins were most active, the girls would camp in the magic hut, and they would all have to be in a bed layered with many blankets so that if any of them had to use the bathroom, she wouldn’t be smelled through the illusion. They would have to be quiet at night, too.

The five girls walked up the slope carefully, each helping the other make the troubled ascent into the dangerous goblin country. The reason they had not attacked the city in the last four nights, was that the five girls’ presence had falsely confirmed their fears that the city was starting to become fortified by its sister city that it often traded with. The goblins would need more resources if they were to meet with a real army sent to protect the city.

Up into the hills, the girls climbed reaching for the sky. Mizuki kept her senses alert for any physical creatures as well as anything spiritual. Kim studied a piece of paper as she trod on. Jennifer and Sandra walked lazily,and Sook appearing carefree, have the appearance that she was never carefree,and the others thought that she was indeed either up to something mysterious,or that she was simply keeping a stealthy eye out for trouble.

The day hours were quite for the goblins didn’t like the light hours much, but as the sun began to set later that evening, the girls felt nervous that they could come from any direction. Sandra pulled her sword from its scabbard ready to use it. Jennifer tightened her own grasp, and Sook moved a bit more carefully making less noises. Kim put away her papers that she had been studying so she could look more carefully about her, and Mizuki watched the birds in the sky and bushes along the way for any tale signs of the hideous monsters.

“Alright girls,” Mizuki warned the others. “As goblins have extremely sensitive noses and ears, if anyone needs to use the bathroom, we should do it now, and then travel for another hour or two to get away from the scent that way they won’t know where to find us.”

“Are you sure this is necessary,”Sook said for the third time today. “We did just fine coming to the city, and Kim even wet herself inside the hut.”

“Those goblins were in a hurry,”Jennifer pointed out. “One of the them had mentioned smelling something if you remember.”

Sook sighed and went off with Jennifer and Mizuki to pee. Sandra took Kim a different direction so that if one group was ambushed, the ambushers would have a little surprise waiting for them from the others that were at a different location.

As it was, the pee turned up no trouble other than that Sook really couldn’t get anything out, and neither could Kim. The others that were with them tried to make them try a few times, but when it was obvious that the tulip held no blood, they gave up and met up with the other group ready to continue their trek.

“Sook wouldn’t pee,” Jennifer told Sandra.

“Yeah, Kim was the same way. I guess neither had to go.”

“This will be bad if they have to go while we are sleeping.”

“Well, if they have to go while we are sleeping, and if we are disturbed, I think that Mizuki said we’ll be safe if they just stay in the blankets. Don’t let them out of bed to go to the bathroom even if they wet the bed.”

“Is that what we have to do to them?”Jennifer asked not really amused.

“It’s either that, or fight some unknown number of monsters in the dark,” Sandra looked back at Jennifer. “I wouldn’t mind fighting during the day so we can see where they are, but at night, we are at a great disadvantage.”

“I can disappear,” Sook reminded them. “Remember who saved Kim and Mizukiwhen everyone else was busy?”

“Yes, but they’ll smell you if you start to pee.”

“So I’ll pee as far from the hut as possible.”

“Do you think you can fight them off alone in the dark?” Sandra asked her.

“No, I guess not,” Sook responded. “But I would try rather than lead them to our invisible hut.”

“Fine,” Jennifer sighed. “Sook, if you need to use the bathroom, just wake me and take me with you, okay?”

“Why?”

“Because in Goblin infested areas, I’d rather none of us be on her own. I don’t think we should think we can get back home without all of us doing our parts. There is a reason you have stealth and I and Sandra can fight so well.”

“She’s right,” Sandra agreed. “We must all be needed to succeed in getting home, so just tell Jennifer if you have to go.”

“Okay, I will.”

The girls walked on for another two hours without any goblin problems, and Sandra and Jennifer both assumed without any other problems as well.

Finally, Kim set up the magical hut while Jennifer and Sandra kept watch for Goblins. Sook slipped off for a bit setting some traps around then area to keep it safer, and Mizuki listened to the sounds of nature.

Once the hut was set up and protected by some alarms and traps that Sook prepared, the girls all chose their bunks,Mizuki once again stuck with Kim as usual.

This time, the other girls were really impressed and surprised at Kim with the hut. It was a bit larger, and somehow had squeezed the four bed bedroom, the living room from her last image, and the dining room table and stove from the first ever attempt at her kitchen into the same room. The area was nicely arranged and even two dressers had been added to the total image.

“This is really good!” Sandra commented.

“Thanks,” Kim blushed. “I just tried to imagine the three rooms in the same space, and somehow it worked out.”

“Can’t you imagine a toilet in there too?”

“Actually, I tried, but I guess the magic didn’t seem to know where to fit it, or there is some other problem with it.”

“Well, if what the magic would have given was an outhouse, that would have written our death sentence anyway,”Jennifer smiled. “Better you don’t get a toilet in here than you give the goblins some way of finding us as we sleep.”

“True,” Sook added. “I have put up some traps around the hut, so anyone wanting to go out should wake me first so she can see the safe path through them, but still, if there are too many goblins, my traps will only do so much.”

“That’s where you disappeared to?”Jennifer chided her. “I did tell you that we need to stick together at night as much as possible.”

“Yeah. Yeah. I know,” Sook said as though Jennifer were acting like her mother. “But it’s harder setting traps if you have someone with you that doesn’t know much about them.”

“I see. And are you going to be leaving the hut on your own tonight just because you think we are acting like your mother?”Jennifer asked.

“No. I won’t need to anyway. While I was setting traps, I peed too, and the Goblins will probably think we are right in the middle of one of my traps if they rely too heavily on their noses.”

The girls all looked at one another and then giggled. Even Jennifer had to smile at the poetic justice of such a find. After they all had their laugh, Sook climbed into her bed and instantly started to fall asleep. Jennifer and Sandra stayed up a while wanting to keep watch for a bit and they discussed plans for setting a watch.

Mizuki sat up and listened to them planning the watch, but Kim was already fairly tired from all the studying,walking, and then setting up the hut, and she went right to bed. Just as the girls had discussed earlier in the evening, they made sure that Kim had the most heavy blankets on her to try to mask her scent if she had an accident in the night.

The first night has seemed uneventful of monsters, for none seemed to find the girls’ hut, and by the next morning,both Sandra and Jennifer had agreed on a watch plan which would include Sook’s help on the first watch from the next day on. If Sook would disagree with the first watch, then they would put her on the last watch so she would not have her sleep interrupted, but she could help them watch since splitting it three ways was easier than two ways. They both realized that since magic did wear out both Mizuki and Kim, that it would be best if they got all the sleep they could get when they were not needed.

That morning, three of the girls got out of their beds quickly and were ready to go before Mizuki or Kim had awakened. Though Sook really wanted to start out earlier, the other girls really thought that since they had no idea of the toll magic had on the other two, they would not let Sook wake them for fear that the two girls with any magic might find themselves unable to do anything.

The girls told Kim to take down the hut once Jennifer had repacked a few things into one bag that she and Sandra would share in carrying, and they put the rest in logical storage places, such as clothes in the dressers. The trick of course, was that Kim and Mizuki both assumed that she’d have to remember this room exactly, and she’d have to remember where their real things were, so that she wouldn’t cause any of the things to disappear.

For three days, things seemed to be going well, and the girls set up for the last night at the base of the mountains that they would be in the goblin country. Kim started to make their hut, which now always looked the same, a small dining room area with an old wood stove for cooking, four beds spaced around half of the room, and two dressers that kept their clothes. Sook set a few traps,though she was feeling a bit at ease about it because the goblins had not attacked them yet. Mizuki listened around her at the animals and the plants and felt comfortable that the goblins still were not on to them.

Once the hut was prepared and the five girls were inside, Jennifer pulled the map out and prepared to talk to the girls about the grueling walk ahead of them through flats that had little water. As it was, she figured they had enough water with them for about two days, but the castle was said to be three days into the flats.

“Maybe we can refill our water skins before we leave the mountains,” Sook suggested.

“That would be preferable,” Jennifer agreed “except for one thing.”

“What’s that?” Sandra asked.

“The closest waterfall or lake that I know of is half a day from here, and it might put us just out of reach of getting to the castle in time.”

“We can’t reach the castle anyway if we die,” Mizuki spoke up. “I think we should risk it. Anyway, according to Madame Tuesday, even if we do get to the white castle, it is just as likely they cannot send us home until we finish the quest that we were called to do.”

“The white castle is the only place that we know can help us though, right?” Jennifer looked at the three girls that had talked to Madam Tuesday.

“Right,” Kim shrugged. “Whoever wanted us here, will know that we’ll seek out this white castle, so we need to follow that plan until we find out what else we need to go.”

“So, do we go back and lose half a day to get the water?” Jennifer asked.

The other girls thought about it,especially Sook who thought that if they rationed the water, they could get there on what they had, but Mizuki had brought up that rationing water on a trip through scorching heat was not a good idea. In the end, the girls all agreed to lose the half a day to get water.

As the girls prepared to lay down for the night, Sook realized that she needed to pee, and whispered to Jennifer. “Can you come with me so I can pee away from the hut?”

“I am sure I asked you to go before we set up.”

“I know, but I just now have to go.”

“Alright,” Jennifer sighed. “Sandra?”

“I’ll stay here to keep Kim safe. She can’t leave no matter what. Mizuki, are you going to go with Sook or wait all night?”

“I’ll just wait. It won’t matter anyway since Kim will wet the bed on me anyway if she has to go.”

Jennifer and Sook slipped quietly through the night around the traps and the alarms that Sook had set up. Once they were far enough away, Sook wanted to walk away a bit to hide herself behind a bush, but Jennifer caught her arm.

“What?” Sook asked.

“Something feels wrong, Sook. I think the Goblins are nearby.”

“Are you kidding me? I really have to pee,” Sook looked at Jennifer in surprise as she contemplated whether or not Jennifer would tease about something this serious or not.

“Draw your weapons,” Jennifer let goof Sook and took better grasp of her spear.

Sook slipped out of sight which put Jennifer more on nerve, and though she was sure that Sook was nearby, she felt alone and nervous as she tried to make sense of the direction that the creatures were coming from.

Sook was close to the ground, using the bushes to conceal herself hoping the goblins would see the obvious target and miss her so she could surprise a few before they know what hit them. She still used the old city tricks that worked on people. Meanwhile, at the imminent threat of danger, her body stopped complaining, for now, about needing to pee, and she waited for the monsters to approach.

Jennifer realized that Sook was probably hiding and almost using her as bait. She thought it was pretty clever of her and held no bad feelings about being the bait as long as Sook was there as soon as she needed help, and didn’t give herself away too early as she could easily handle two or three on her own.

Sook lay in quiet wait for the goblins to take the bait, her body shaking with nerves as it seemed to take them forever to find Jennifer. She had a sinking feeling that the goblins were also being slippery and might not even be attacking them, but Sandra and the hut. She slipped through the bush closer to Jennifer’s position trying not to give herself away in the event that she was wrong, but she felt she must be right since the goblins still had not come out of the darkness at Jennifer.

Jennifer had a similar sinking feeling as she looked back towards the way they had come from. She wanted to get Sook’s attention, but she had no idea of how to do it since the creatures had extremely good hearing as well as smell. We must get back to the others, Jennifer thought, and she slowly moved back towards the hut hoping that Sook would follow her and understand where she was going.

Sook whispered “yes,” to herself as she realized that Jennifer was also getting the idea to move back towards the hut, and she quietly followed her, and slacked up the space some so that she would have enough room to allow a few goblins to show their backs to her if they tried to chase Jennifer.

Inside the hut, Sandra started to feel a bit uncomfortable like Sook and Jennifer had been gone too long and something might have happened to them, but she also knew that she couldn’t leave the hut and think that Mizuki and Kim would be safe enough by themselves. She had to stay and protect the weaker girls.

Mizuki climbed out of bed and tiptoed to Sandra.

“Something is wrong tonight,” Mizuki whispered.

“I know,” Sandra replied. “I think Jennifer and Sook should have been back by now.”

“I’m not sure, but I think the birds are telling me that goblins are on their way here.”

“Are you using your magic?” Sandra asked as though she though were lightly scolding Mizuki thinking she should be keeping her magic power on reserve for when they really needed it.

“It’s not like I have a choice,”Mizuki looked down at her feet. “My power isn’t something I can turn on and off like Kim reads pieces of paper. If I feel something, I feel it and if I don’t, I don’t.”

Sandra sighed knowing that she was wrong for scolding Mizuki over something that she has little knowledge of. “I’m sorry. I just don’t want you weakening yourself if a fight is coming.”

“I know, but like I said, I can’t really control it when animals speak to me. They tell me things if they want to, and even though I don’t have to listen to them, the magic of them talking to me is still wasted.”

Sandra nodded.

Sook barely had time to turn around as a lightning fast goblin leaped upon her pinning her to the ground. Lucky for Sook at the time, Jennifer had just decided to look back over her shoulder and seeing the goblin leaping, she brought out a javelin (throwing spear) and threw it into the bush where the goblin had landed on top of Sook and pierced it’s back, the tip sticking out it’s chest as it wailed one last breath before toppling over.

Sook felt the thick black goo that was the goblin’s blood fall upon her stomach soaking her shirt just before it toppled over, and with every effort within her, she kept from screaming but realized that her stealthy position was really doing nothing to hide her from the monsters, and pushing the goblin off of her, she ran to catch up with Jennifer.

They just gained the outside perimeter where Sook had set up a few traps, and carefully they picked their way through them glad to see that the goblins had not actually made it to their camp just yet. It was too late to hide that they were there, and Jennifer called for Sandra and Mizuki to come out and help.

“Goblins are coming!” she called. “Sandra! Mizuki! Come out and help us!” Sandra went quietly to Kim’s side while Mizuki came out of the hut. Putting her finger to her lips, Sandra cautioned Kim. “I think Jennifer wants you to say hidden. They should be confused by our own scents and presence, and as long as you stay quiet inside the hut, they shouldn’t find you. We’ll kill off the goblins, and then decide what to do from there.”

Kim nodded showing she understood and Sandra left the hut to find Mizuki facing into the darkness ready for a fight,and Jennifer and Sook just coming from the darkness.

“I don’t know how many there are,”Jennifer warned the others. “We felt them before we saw them, and it hit us that the goblins knew where we were, but they had more interest in the hut, and that made us turn around and come to see that you were alright. I think they are now, dealing with Sook’s traps, so we should…”

Just as Jennifer had mentioned traps,a loud scratching sound filled the hair and a hollering goblin screamed through the night.

“That was one of the alarms,” Sook smiled. “They’re here.”

“Very effective,” Sandra looked impressed.

The four girls spaced themselves,their weapons drawn. Sook decided that hiding was useless in this battle because the goblins had a better idea of where things were than she did the darkness and their own home.

Kim looked through her bag thinking that if things turned sour for her friends, she should at least be ready with something, and she searched her papers for something helpful, but stayed covered up knowing that only the real blankets would keep her scent from being picked up by the monsters.

Sook started to feel the tingling of needing to pee again, but as she faced the night, she knew that now was not the time to deal with it, and she tried to push the urges to the back of her mind. She might not get another chance to use the bathroom, but she wasn’t going to squat here, and give the monsters a free target to land upon. She would hold it at least until the fight was over.

Out of the night, ten cat-like beings jumped upon the four girls. Jennifer,taking the lead kept three off of the others. Sandra held back two, and there were still five that had slipped past looking at the other two girls like they knew they had them.

Jennifer speared one with a javelin causing the other two goblins to back off and regroup. Sandra waved her swords menacingly at the two in front of her, causing them to also back towards the other two so that now it was two on four. Sook and Mizuki stood defensively unsure of how to deal with five goblins at once. Jennifer eyed Sandra with intent, and spinning around, she threw a javelin into the back of one of the goblins that threatened Mizuki and Sook now leaving them two a piece. Sandra, seeing that Jennifer was leaving her back exposed which drew a goblin to leap up at the opening, realized that Jennifer had meant that to happen, and she charged the goblin down slicing it in half.

The other three goblins that were facing Sandra and Jennifer charged as one towards Sandra, not realizing that Jennifer was still spinning around and Jennifer’s spear struck one of them dazing it from surprise, but two of them landed one on top of Sandra’s sword killing it and one at her feet tripping her to the ground.

The four goblins still on Mizuki and Sook had a clear advantage, and they pressed upon them slowly waiting to make a clean killing without any danger to themselves. However, Jennifer finished off the dazed goblin and the only goblin left that were attacking the stronger warriors, was now right upon Sandra’s stomach ready to plunge it’s dagger into her chest.

Sandra screamed, kicked, and pissed herself as she faced her end. The goblin smiled nastily showing its sharp wicked bloodstained teeth. Its breath was hideous, and it was about to use its full force behind the dagger that it held high into the night, when from behind it, a spear point penetrated it showing the end of the point through its chest momentarily before it toppled over.

Jennifer reached and hand down and pulled the smelly soaked Sandra to her feet. She said nothing though, and the two warrior girls looked back at the four goblins that were taking their time with the two weaker girls, apparently not in a hurry to be the sacrifice so the others could take them out. Sandra charged behind two of them and lopped their heads off swinging both of her swords, while Jennifer threw another javelin striking one of them.

The surprise had left Mizuki and Sook only one goblin to deal with, which Sook suddenly charged with her blades swinging three times, she caught the creature in the chest with the third swing making it crumple to the ground. The fight was over. Sook looked at Sandra who was soaked, and shrugged to herself and just peed her pants as well, on purpose because Sandra was already wet, and if the goblins were going to smell that,then there was no reason for Jennifer to risk going out again to use the bushes.

Chapter Eight

Now, with the goblins finally behind them, and a fresh supply of water, the girls began their way through the flats. The sun came up early, that morning they started out, and the temperature was already fairly warm even before they had breakfast.

“We aren’t even out of the hills yet,” Sook complained. “I wish there was another way to find out what we are doing here, and to get home.”

“We all do,” Sandra sighed. “Are you sure we have to go through these plains to find the white spiral thingy?” she turned to Mizuki.

Mizuki nodded.

The five girls walked down the path out of the foothills, and into the flats at least thinking that the goblins shouldn’t be any more trouble for them. Once they were two or three days into the flats, the goblins wouldn’t be likely to pursue them because they had been told by Madam Tuesday that goblins were lazy creatures that only preyed upon the weak, and they never ventured anyplace that took any real effort to get to.

The day wore on, and the girls soon found that the ground was soft, and the sand heavy. Though it made the footfalls feel more like walking on carpet and was a welcome exchange for the hard ground they had had in the mountains, they realized that the sand was easy to sink into and this caused them to exert more effort as they tried to pull their foot out of the sand.

The sun continued to warm the land and the air further, and each girl felt as though she was in an oven by eleven o’clock.

“Madam Tuesday was kidding,”Mizuki said wiping her forehead. “The temperature here is worse than anything I’ve ever had to encounter.”

“Well,” Jennifer looked back over her shoulder, somewhat used to this kind of heat. “It may be a little hot, but at least the goblins aren’t following us, and it looks like little else would want to be out here.”

The girls all had to nod on that statement. No one in its right mind would be out here in this heat.

“You know,” Kim whispered a little timid of speaking up with tempers rising and people complaining. “If we, um… traveled at night, it might be cooler.”

“Do you want to travel at night?”Jennifer asked the rest of the girls. Almost unanimously, the girls agree with only Sook having some reservations about it. Still, in the end, even Sook gave in knowing that at least traveling at night would mean less chance of a heatstroke or worse.

Kim set up the usual hut, this time, they also found the extra water stored under the table where she had decided was the best place it’d be out of the way, but still accessible and that she wouldn’t forget to imagine it as she brought her room into being. The others also noticed that the more that they wanted to keep in the hut and the more comfort Kim wanted to give them,the longer it took her to make the hut.

The invisible hut set up, and the girls hardly on a nocturnal pattern as yet, they could only sit around and talk until they fell asleep one by one. Kim took to studying her papers again, Sandra and Jennifer took to playing some cards which Sandra happened to have in her school bag. Sook relaxed on a bed thinking about who knows what, and Mizuki watched the card game.

Sook was the first to fall asleep.

Mizuki started to catch on to the game of poker, and though the girls didn’t use money or any real gambling vices, they still became serious over the game, and Mizuki started to be able to tell when someone had nothing but tried to bluff her way for the hand anyway.

“You two are really serious,”Mizuki teased.

Somewhere, a few days from the girls’ current location, there was a young woman dressed in black and red talking to a flying cat. The young woman had long flowing brunette hair with green glossy eyes and a severely tight smile as though she had never learned to do that properly.

“The Healer is close. She will lead us to the white castle, and once she has given us the master of the white spiral, we will rule all of Gnormac.”

The cat looked up at the woman stroking it. “Meow.”

“Yes, my pet. The guardian of the spiral will not let me in, but he will open his doors for the Healer and her guardians, and when he opens the doors, we will be ready.”

The cat blinked its eyes slowly up at its mistress.

“Yes, I am sure this will work. Besides, the girls will have another reason to seek the help of the guardian of the white Spiral Castle. I think we should take from them, one of their warriors. If they are truly as devoted to one another as the stories tell us, they will want to seek her out, and when they do….”

The can leapt into the air. I flew up to a nearby shelf where its pillow was. The cat was a beautiful white Persian with colorful yellow, orange, and blue feathered wings. It looked down at the cruel woman with a slow blinking and calculating stare.

“My pet, I promise, I will get in. The healer will not be harmed, but she will make it possible for me to rule all of Gnormac.”

The cat turned its back and started its regular pat down of its sleeping space. It seemed rather bored by the woman’s schemes.

“Well, I don’t need your approval. What do you know of human affairs?” the woman scorned the cat. “Go to sleep, but you wait and see, I will have control of the white spiral castle.”

The woman left the room, and after walking quickly through her extensive lair, she soon came upon a room where she had five figurines that resembled each of the young ladies. “Now,” she thought to herself. “I must set just the right kind of trap to delay them just enough that they will have to seek out the castle again, and in the process, I will lay a trap and kidnap the mysterious one.”

Mizuki suddenly stood up and looked through the translucent walls as though expecting something to come charging through the heat of the day.

“What is it?” Jennifer asked as she looked in the general direction that Mizuki had settled on staring in.

“I don’t know, Jennifer. Something feels off.”

“Well, this whole thing is off, so what are you basing that on?”

“I don’t know, but something feels, like we are being watched.”

Jennifer took another look out into the quiet desert and then shrugged.

Sandra had the same convictions that Jennifer had, that no one was close enough to watch them, and there was no place for them to hide. Also, being in the invisible hut, it seemed highly unlikely that anyone would know where they were to watch them.

“You’re paranoid,” Sook completed their thoughts. “No one could know where we are even if they wanted to watch us.”

“I’m telling you,” Mizuki reiterated. “There is something that is watching us.”

“I wouldn’t dismiss her,” Kim suddenly spoke from her bed.

The others startled a bit as they thought she was asleep. “What do you mean?” Sandra asked.

“Well, Mizuki has a kind of magic in her that is different from mine, and she can talk to animals. Maybe she can sense something that we cannot.”

“We can’t go about being paranoid that we are being watched though,” Jennifer whispered. “If we get edgy about something that we have no proof of, and even Mizuki doesn’t know where it’s from, right? So, we will be looking over our shoulders for something that isn’t even there.”

“True,” Sandra agreed. “Mizuki probably is right that we are being watched, but without knowing from what, it is useless to worry about it now. Besides, if it’s not attacking us,then we are in no real danger, right?”

Eventually, one by one, the girls started to drift off to sleep.

The woman in red and black picked up Sook’s figure while she slept. She blew on the figure to remove any gathering dust, and then she dipped the figure into a bowl of prepared herbs and paste. Her hands glided over the bowl and she said incantations to atone herself to the figure and prepare it for spells. Her eyes were glowing and the room seemed dimmed except for her presence.

Sook slept on not realizing a thing. And one by one, the girls woke as the skies began to darken around the tiny hut.

“Well,” Jennifer stretched as Kim woke last. “I guess it’s time to get started on our trek again?”

Kim and Mizuki pulled the blankets off of them, and revealed a dry bed between them. Mizuki smiled at Kim as though nothing was needed to be said, but in a way, Kim felt like she was saying “good job” just the same.

For a second day, as the sun started to rise to the middle of the sky, the girls prepared to slip into the invisible hut. Before setting it up,however, Kim was led behind some rocks by Sandra where she could pee and not have to worry about trying to wait all day in the hut.

It was as the hut was set up,though, that Sook somehow felt a little light headed and as though something were nagging at her subconscious to do something. She tried to ignore it for a while because she knew that both Sandra and Jennifer would not understand her wanting to go out alone. She couldn’t explain it, but it was a very strong pull, and it felt like she really had to go out to perhaps protect her other companions.

The woman in red and black took the figurine of the mysterious one out of the herbs in the bowl, and she dipped it waist deep in a different bowl filled with a warm yellow liquid.

Later that day, the five girls had been sleeping for maybe a couple of hours when Sook woke up. Her bladder was twinging, and she knew that by the time she got Jennifer or Sandra awake, that she wouldn’t make it, so she slipped outside of the hut and then marked the place with an arrow pointing at the place where she had left the invisible barrier. Then, she walked a bit down the hill to find the same large boulders that Kim had been taken to relieve herself earlier.

While Sook prepared to lift her skirt and pull down her panties, she noticed a curious little kitten with soft fuzzy arm-like appendages upon its shoulders. She swatted down to let the urine come out, but as the kitten was close,she also grasped it at the same time.

“Where did you come from?” she asked it as a bit of hot urine jetted out of the hole in her body.

The cat looked up at her with moist little eyes and it meowed. It couldn’t have been much older than six weeks.

“Maybe I should take you with me?”Sook asked looking around as another hot jet of urine flew out of her body wetting the ground over her first watering of the grass.

Sook reached to pet it as she sat there, ready to let the real stream flow any minute. It was then, that the kitten purred and as Sook’s urine poured out of her like lemon aide being poured from a jug, she felt something tingle in her body. The air round her began to darken, and she fell over, some of her pee now spilling over her left leg as she lie there with her panties down and her skirt lifted in front of the red and black dressed woman.

The woman smiled, and as she watched the girl pee the rest over herself she thought how cute the young child was. Hours later, Sook woke up in a small ten by ten room with bars on the front with the door closed tight. Inside the cell, she saw that kitten, and around the room that she sat in as well as beyond the bars in the next room,she saw other similar animals including the mother cat with a full set of feathered wings.

*018*2011-07-17 15:34

The sixteen year old sand colored blond with blue sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks was fairly popular among both boys and teachers, so some of her favorite teachers should wonder what would have caused her to snap as she had done yesterday, but it was no wonder to her. Robyn had been asking for it all year.

This paragraph is in the first chapter near the beginning of the story.

They are between 15 and 16 years old in the first year of high school.

*021*2011-07-29 22:54

Just have writer's block. I am planning to continue the story, so please don't block it mods... Please?

I know it's been a while since I added to it, and I'm sorry it's looking a little old.
