Vicky

Author: ifeelgood

*000*2020-07-12 19:01

Hello everyone! Here´s a little omo themed story. The first two parts feature desperation and masturbation. There will be a third part which will also include wetting. I´ll post it as soon as it´s finished. Feedback is much appreciated. Have fun reading!

###

A naughty little Friday habit

She closed the door behind her in a hurry, put her purse down and quickly slipped out of her shoes. Then she darted into the bathroom, yanked her pantyhose and panties down and dropped on the toilet. A powerful stream started immediately and wouldn´t stop for the next minute. Vicky signed in release. And what a release that was. Vicky had been playing again. She has been a fan of desperation and holding for the longest time but ever since she moved and got her job at the marketing company three months ago, she was actively experimenting with her kink more often than in any other phase of her life before. Vicky was 24 and her flat was her first own place without any room mates, siblings or whatever.

And as much as she liked partying and company when going out, she embraced her privacy at home. It had become her naughty little Friday habit to not go to the bathroom at work after the lunch break and then continuously drink and get more and more desperate over the rest of her working hours. It gave Vicky a particular rush to be in situations where she had to hide her need. Today, it had been a real struggle at the end of the ~30 min train ride from the city center where her workplace was to her station. The following 2 km bike distance she had from there to her home had been completed in record speed. She recalled how her legs were slightly shaking when she had entered the house both desperation-induced and from her Tour-de-France bike riding effort. Luckily, the multi-story building had an elevator which quickly bought her to the fourth floor where her flat was.

"That was a close call", Vicky said while the last dribbles escaped from her tingling labia.

She cleaned herself and got up. A look in the mirror revealed to Vicky that her cheeks were a little red from arousal.

"Yeah, that´s what a Friday afternoon of omo-fun can do to you", she playfully whispered to herself. "You naughty girl."

Vicky giggled. There were no plans to meet up with friends this evening, so she had all the time in the world for some intimacy. And, even more importantly, she was sooo in the mood. So only minutes later Vicky found herself lying in bed, cozy under her blanked in only her panties. Her fantasy was running wild and so were her fingers…

Imagine…

Three weeks later…

Vicky has had a tremendously good week. She had been at her parents´ house to celebrate the graduation of her younger sister Erica the previous weekend. Seeing her family and some old friends from home had given her a real boost. Work was going with a click of her fingers. She had felt welcomed at her job from the start but during the past weeks she felt even more like a part of the group and honest friendships with two of her female colleagues had started to form. Today was Friday. Vicky was hectically clicking through a spreadsheet to collect some numbers she needed for a power-point-presentation she was eager to complete before the weekend. It was 14:40 and she was almost about 1.5 Liters in since her lunch break. The week before she couldn´t engage in her tradition because of her trip to her family. Needless to say that she would this Friday. And Vicky was feeling ambitious and confident today. Maybe even a bit overconfident due to her overly positive last few weeks.

Definitely overconfident. It was now 15:35. Vicky was sitting at her desk nice and composed. But she knew that was only for now. There was no way she would be able to hold her pee for the rest of her workday plus her way back home. That would be almost two hours from now! Although she had stopped drinking more about half an hour ago, the pressure in her bladder was continuously building. So, Vicky came to the realization that she ether had to end her hold or… or she could try to make up an excuse and leave work early. She had completed all necessary tasks for today. She didn´t really have time to make up her mind as her boss peeked through the open door and knocked on the door frame. Vicky quivered imperceptibly caught in her lewd thoughts.

"Hey Vicky, I just wanted you to know A): Awesome work this week, the thing with Banks & Carlsen was great, great job there. And B): There will be software updates getting installed starting in about five minutes. Sorry for the short notice, I kind of messed up the communication with that IT guy. Yeah, and that will probably take a while, about two hours or so. So just finish and save what ever you are doing and then you can call it a day. OK?"

"OK, thank you. Have a good weekend then!"

"Yes, you too."

Vicky couldn´t believe her luck. There was no giving up now. She shut down her office computer, tidied up her desk a bit and drank the last gulps of her water bottle emptying it completely. Then she got going. She only realized how badly she really had to pee when walking down the stairs at the main train station. Even though her workday was cut short the train ride kind of made Vicky nervous.

"I think I might have overdone it this time. Why do I keep putting myself through this again?", she thought to herself. But she of course knew it all too well.

"Yeah, because it´s freaking hot, that´s why", she admitted.

The departure was not delayed but it didn´t line up as usual when she leaves work at 17:00 so there was a 15-minute-wait. Sitting in the train struggling to keep a straight face was usually the time when Vicky´s desperation would mix with horniness. And today was no different. When she finally got of the train and hopped on her bike Vicky could tell that her panties were slightly creamed. Racing home was like a little déjà vu.

"Hold it, hold it, close call, close call. So close. Almost there."

She parked and locked her bike at her usual spot outside. When she entered the building where she lived to rush to the elevator, her heart skipped a beat. Mike was standing in the elevator and put a foot in the door when he saw Vicky.

"Oh nooo. Why now? That can´t be true…", Vicky screamed internally.

She wasn´t very keen on sharing an elevator when being at a solid 9/10. Especially not with Mike.

Vicky and Mike were not exactly strangers. Mike was a super handsome guy, 27 years old from what Vicky remembered, and lived in the same building. He moved in about two weeks after Vicky and had a flat on the fifth floor directly over her flat. Same size, same cut, same everything. She knew this because about two months back there had been a BBQ-party where all the people from this house, about 30, had met for beer and chit-chat. And BBQ of course. Vicky and Mike, being the new ones, kind of had connected and after some talking and some beers had ended up making out at his place afterwards. Neither of the two had made a move for the following weeks so to say and so there was not much conversation going on besides the occasional "hey" in the hallway.

Right now, Mike seemed to be getting some furniture up to his flat. There was a big armchair and a floor lamp standing close to and a heavy looking wooden commode standing on a platform dolly already in the elevator. He waved her. Vicky couldn´t just ignore him and take the stairs. That would have been too rude. And he was such a likeable guy. So, she focused and pulled herself together.

"You can do it", she told herself and squeezed in.

"Hey, how are you?", Mike asked. "Haven´t seen you in a bit."

Mike pressed "4" for her.

Vicky tried her best to smile.

"Good. You?"

"Oh, I´m fine. Thanks for asking. I just bought all this stuff for 15 $. Can you imagine?", Mike replied.

At this moment the elevator started moving upwards. Vicky´s semi smile was blown away. She really had to concentrate to not double over and press her hands into her crotch. She couldn´t recall a moment when she had been as acutely aware of her bladder before. She couldn´t answer his question. He went on after a few seconds of silence:

"Great, eh?"

Vicky wasn´t even looking at Mike. Instead she stood tensely and stared at a spot on the elevator door.

"Are you mad at me or something? Listen… I know I should have… you know… but I wasn´t sure if you…"

The elevator came to a halt at the fourth floor. The wave that hit her when the elevator started moving subsided. Vicky didn´t want Mike to feel bad but now was just not the time.

"I, I…uhm. Sorry."

As soon as the door opened, she darted out leaving a confused Mike behind. Vicky was feeling confused herself. There was a mixture of panic and embarrassment, even though nothing had happened, which both fueled her desperation-induced arousal even more. And she also felt guilty for freezing Mike off.

"Well, that could´ve hardly went any more awkwardly."

But for now, that was not the number one priority. The number one priority was staying dry on the last ten meters. And sometimes the last ten can be the hardest as Vicky´s bladder seemed to have developed a sixth sense for when a toilet is in reach. It needed all her effort to get the key in the lock, finally get into the safety of her flat and onto the toilet for a much awaited pee. Vicky proverbially exploded.

"Oh gooosh. Pure bliss."

While the hissing and gushing went on, she could feel her nipples getting hard. Her stream was still going strong but Vicky could not resist and started carefully touching herself. The feedback her vagina gave her was out of this world. Her fingers felt wet hotness between her legs and Vicky involuntarily moaned loudly. Breathing heavily she could smell her scent which turned her on even more. A shiver went through her entire body when a magic half a minute later the flood gates finally closed. Vicky could tell she was already close to a climax. Meeting Mike in the elevator really had added to her risky adventure.

"Imagine not being able to stand still in front of him and dancing in obvious desperation. Oh god, so hot. Or imagine… loosing a spurt or two with him present, or even loosing complete control and having an accident with Mike noticing. Ohhh, you naughty thing."

Just the thought of it mad Vicky blush and a few more intense strokes pushed her over the edge. With her climax approaching, just seconds away, she jumped from the toilet and fell onto her knees while still pleasuring herself with one hand. She was bent over resting on her knees and forearm, shoes still on, panties and pantyhose around her ankles, and looking at herself in the full size bathroom mirror when it finally rushed over her. It was an orgasm Vicky wouldn’t forget so soon.

*004*2020-07-30 23:11

La finale grande is there! I´m sorry it took so long. Two new characters are introduced (kinda :D). I went a little humorous on this part, but I hope you´ll still enjoy.

Third time´s a charm.

The next day Vicky jumped over her own shadow and rang at Mike´s to have a talk. Her bad conscience made her do it and on the other hand it was quite obvious that the two fancied each other. They agreed on dating which made Vicky super happy about her decision to approach Mike. It definitely had not been random that they had ended up making out the other night after the BBQ-party as Mike was just her type. The first two dates went really well. Both times they met on "neutral ground" and had dinner at the local Italian with one to two drinks and also one to two hours of pleasant conversation afterwards. Neither of them wanted to make any premature steps so despite the shared walk home there had not been a kiss or something further down that line.

"Yet.", Vicky thought dreamily.

She had already fantasized more than a dozen times on how she would change that after their next date this Sunday. Today was Friday and Vicky was sitting at work. Her boss had announced overtime for everyone at the start of the week so a majorly important deal could be sealed before the weekend. And there was still a good bit to do. So, Vicky´s usual desperation game was cancelled for today. She was still in a happy mood as she was looking forward to the weekend. Additionally, if everything went smooth today there would be bowling and beer for the whole office and Vicky was not about to miss out. Of course not everything at her job was perfect but she appreciated the effort to make work not only a place to be productive but more. Socializing and activities like this had helped her in the past weeks to find her place in the team. And there almost always had been a productivity boost for the whole team afterwards.

Five hours later Vicky found herself at the bowling bar around the block together with most of her colleagues. She was not the most experienced player anyway (bowling was NOT her game ;D) but now after three beers there was just no use anymore. She was not alone with that though and everybody had some good laughs. It was at one of those "especially skillful" attempts of one of her female friends that her body, when being shaken with laughter, gave her an unmistakable signal.

*poof*

"Oh no, not those two!", Vicky thought.

Lina and Angela would sometimes appear if she had surpassed a certain level and the three large beers seemed to have done it.

"Just a quick reminder, girl! You should go for a wee!", Angela whispered into Vicky´s ear standing on her shoulder.

"Wow, that was kind of a rude entrance, don´t you think?", Lina said standing on the other shoulder.

"How about this: Hello dear Victoria. Nice to see you, it´s been a long time! How is it going?... instead of directly messing with a woman´s bathroom needs. Jesus, Angela!"

"Rude?... Me?!", Angela was not whispering any more.

"Why are you always pulling this act? You seem to forget that you´re Lina as in Devilina while I only want what´s best for her!"

Vicky stepped in:

"Shhhh guys, why is it that every time I meet you it is a yell-fest within seconds? Calm your temper, please…"

*poof*

Yeah, there was some pressure. But this was the last game. And after a last call for drinks the remaining group would probably call it a night in about twenty minutes. So, Vicky decided to hold it and joined the conversation again. When the last round of beer came she gave up on playing herself and cheered on the remaining hand full of players while her mind was more and more wandering of to a certain someone. Eventually, it was time to leave and the group was getting smaller and smaller. Vicky told everybody goodbye to get on her way herself. The moment she stood up from the comfy leather covered bench and got on her feet, she could really feel the alcohol and her blood rushing through her. She picked up her purse and her jacket and slowly started walking.

*poof*

"Sharp left now! See that sign with the 'WC'?" It was Angela.

"Oh! Cpt. Angela given commands now, huh? Listen, if you want to steer a swaying ship like this you must use the correct terms like 'starboard' and such", Lina mocked.

"Shut up! I´m trying to prevent an emergency here!"

"Ay, and I´m just trying to help. But seriously, Vicky. If I were you I would just keep my course and head straight for the train station. You can catch the train at :50 and you´ll be home in no time! Easy. It´s also Friday, you know…"

"Friday…Friday, Friday", Vicky hummed while walking out the door on what felt like autopilot.

Angela just wanted to start to protest but…

*poof*

Walking through the cool air of the night hat a sobering effect on Vicky. While she was finishing the last meters to the train station five minutes after leaving the bowling bar Vicky became aware of the fact that Angela had a point. It was an 8/10 now.

"Angela has a point…pff, come on. Angela is not even real! I´m just pretty drunk."

The train was on time and everything lined up perfectly. She jumped in and took a seat. When sitting down the belt Vicky was wearing with her nicely fitting light blue jeans pressured her bladder quite a bit. For a split second she had the though of opening or at least loosening it up.

"Angela would rant though."

*poof*

"Oh dear, talking of the devil…", Vicky signed with a smirk.

"Oh hey, that´s me! Hehe… ehhh, scratch that! You know that I only have the best intentions! See how good my plan with the train worked? I am so trustworthy!", Lina said in full-on good girl pose.

"Don´t make me laugh!", Angela taunted from the other shoulder.

"No, really don´t!", Vicky intervened.

"Oh, what´s the matter, sweety?", both little ladies asked in unison.

"…the… belt."

Lina was too quick for Angela.

"Ah, I see. So, let´s analyze the situation. You have a 30 min ride ahead of you and you really have to pee. Don´t create any unnecessary work for your bladder muscles, Vicky. I mean it. If you are at an 8/10 now, even without this torture you´ll be at a 9 once we arrive. And then there´s the bike ride. Just open that thing up already, maybe that button, too…"

"Are you crazy?!", Angela reacted.

"You realize that we´re in public right now, right? Vicky, you got to behave! Imagine someone would see you…"

"…belt loose, holding yourself, obviously desperate! So hot, right Vicky?", Lina whispered.

"Don´t listen to her! You are a grown woman. Why do you keep fighting the symptoms instead of solving the problem? There is a toilet on this train. Why can´t you just…"

Angela was interrupted by Lina´s laughter:

"Hahahaha, you´re making MY job way too easy, girl! … waaaay too easy."

*poof*

Using one of those dirty train toilets, drunk or not, that just wouldn´t happen. Vicky had a look around. Nobody close by. She nestled her belt and the button of her jeans open but the release of pressure was not as great as she had hoped for. The ride went on and the minutes and kilometers passed ever so slowly. Vicky had to concentrate hard and constantly squeeze. Something felt different than on other Fridays. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was something else. There once every three to four minutes were those panic moments where she had to use her hands to hold herself. Under other circumstances, sober and in a full train, this always had been a taboo. But without this support every now and then…Vicky blushed a little.

She once again had a look around but luckily she was safe and unwitnessed. Just three more stops to hers. Lina was right. It was close to a 9/10 now. She kept telling herself that she was almost there and when the train finally approached her station getting up was easier said than done. Her bladder was bulging so Vicky didn´t even waste a thought about that it was unladylike to say the least to keep her button and belt open. This was about staying dry now. When she left the train and the platform her walk was noticeably tense but there were no people around and she made it to her bike without any holding pauses which made Vicky kind of proud. But then…

*poof*

"Mhh, what do we have here? Flat tire, huh? Fuck.", Lina said in the tone of a car mechanic.

"What now?", Vicky asked doing the best to keep her calm.

"Well, let us see the good in the bad. You can finally end this madness and find a place to wee. You had your stupid game but be reasonable now. How are you going to make it home in time without the bike? So, come on.", Angela pushed.

"You´re probably right.", Vicky admitted. "But where?"

"There aren´t any bushes around. And by the time you found a suitable, semi-private place you might as well be halfway home. So, I would suggest that you don´t waste another second and get moving. Just imagine making it! That would be one for the ages!" Lina was adding fuel to the fire.

The hint of doubt and panic from a few seconds ago was blown away and Vicky´s ambition and especially her horny mind were taking over. She started walking.

"Lina, how dare you! You are setting her up for an accident!", Angela shouted.

"This is the third close call in less than two months. Maybe you have used all your luck, Vicky. What if you don´t make it? Ever thought about that?", Angela went on. She sounded worried.

Vicky could feel her nipples getting hard. Her bladder and her most sensitive parts both pulsated slightly.

"More than once.", Vicky sheepishly admitted while speeding up her steps.

"But the risk just ads to the excitement."

Saying this out load sent waves of heat through her body. Her bladder was so full. The situation was unreal. But the said risk was realer than ever. While Angela was starring and searching for words Lina´s face was the brightest ear-to-ear smile.

*poof*

Twenty minutes later Vicky reached the house she was living in. It took her almost a full minute in her tipsy state to get the right key into the lock and open the main door up. She had no idea how she made it dry this far. All she knew was that this was a 10/10. She was squirming. Because of her recent elevator experience Vicky decided to use the stairs. Just. Four. And she would be… "Don´t think about it!" Just. Three. Just. Two. Just. One. She was standing in front of her flat door. A few meters away from her goal.

"Oh god. Where is the key? I had it a minute ago! Focus Vicky! Where is it?"

She hastily checked her pockets and her purse but without success.

"Oh shit, oh shit. Where is it?"

*poof*

"Guys, thank god! I need your help, I lost my keys. I had them and now I can´t find them!", Vicky babbled so fast her words were barely understandable.

"Ok, calm down. You got this, ok? Have you checked your pockets?", Angela asked.

"Or your purse?", Lina added.

"It´s gone, it´s gone. I don´t know what to do. I can´t even stand still… shit, shit, shit!"

Vicky was getting hot and cold.

"You got to be tough now, Vicky. Here´s the plan: Go ring at Mike´s and ask him if you could use the toilet. It is only one more story. I know this is ballsy, but your key could be anywhere from the main entrance to somewhere on the stairs to who knows!"

Vicky looked from Lina to Angela. There wasn´t much left in her regarding strength and will power.

"As much as I hate to say it", Angela said after two long seconds of consideration, "but Lina might be right here. It is just past midnight so Mike will almost certainly be awake. It is your best bet. You can do it."

Vicky squeezed as hard as she could and started moving. She powerwalked up the stairs and a moment later pressed Mike´s doorbell without a second thought. There was no more time left for thoughts. After ten seconds she pressed it again. She waited bent over for another ten seconds. But she couldn´t hear anything from behind that door. Vicky started to lose hope. Sweat was running down her back and her legs were shaky. She was on a timer. A very short one. And the realization hit her that she had run out of options. She once again pressed the doorbell. Lina obviously couldn´t stand the silence anymore.

"Come on, Mike! Your girl, super strong, horny, desperate Vicky is counting on you! You can be the hero now if you just open up!"

"Super strong?", Vicky moaned. "If he does not open up in 30 seconds I´m standing in a puddle."

"Ok, maybe only strong. And horny. And desperate.", Lina corrected herself.

Vicky stood bend over with her hands between her legs and could move neither forward nor backward. 30 seconds passed. The door stayed closed and Vicky accepted her defeat when suddenly Mike walked out in his usual shorts and shirt with a laundry basket in his hands. Vicky turned her head and her eyes found his but it was all too late.

"Run! Hide! Run! Oh no!", Angela was in full-on panic mode while Lina just said:

"Oh hi, Mike. Enjoy the show! And Vicky, make sure to tell him!"

*poof*

And while the flood gates opened Mike, totally unsuspicious till this point, casually asked:

"Hi Vicky, nice to see you. What´s going on?"

Vicky´s crotch and inner thighs were getting hot and wet. She felt like she was dreaming. It was hard to suppress any moans. There was a seemingly never ending, load, hot stream of steamy wetness. With Lina´s words in mind and while continuously holding eye contact Vicky answered:

"I´m having a desperate pissing accident in my pants in front of my hot neighbor I´m currently dating."

