Halloween Story requests a-la-Roka

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2016-10-25 20:44

Hey everyone! It's me again. Like I promised, I've been dutifully working through the story requests I received from my previous post (all three of them). Sadly, the turnout wasn't quite what I was expecting, but any request is a good request. I'm not exactly the most promising of writers, as my old readers would know. However, I've been good this time and have been finishing the requests I received for Seasonal stories. I'll be posting these all in order of request received, as that's the order I worked on them in. So, without further ado, I'll be posting my first completed request here, in my next comment to this topic. I know it's still around six days before Halloween hits, but it's better for me to start early, so I can focus on the other two requests I received and stagger them across the next six days. Please keep an eye on this topic and, as normal, comment, criticise (constructively only), and, most importantly, enjoy!

*001*2016-10-25 20:52

As promised, here's my first completed request for @Lisk

. Lisk said that there wasn't enough Madoka wettings on this site, so I've placed the first ever story characters I created on this site into a Cosplay wetting. So, here's the first completed request, titled 'Juniper Triplets and Friends - Convention Capers'. (I suck at titles, I know. Bite my head off if you want. =P) It's a little on the long side, but, hopefully, long is good.

Juniper Triplets and Friends - Convention Capers

“We're here at last!” A young girl's excited voice sounded above the hustle and bustle of the large auditorium. “C'mon! Stop lagging behind, we'll miss all the best stuff!”

The small girl was wearing a 'Homura' cosplay, consisting of a purple and white formal blouse-like attire, over a purple skirt and a set of dark black tights with purple diamonds down the sides, from the popular Magical girl series 'Puella Magi Madoka Magica'. On her left arm she had a strange disk-shaped shield-like object. Her blonde hair, currently straightened to suit the cosplay, didn't match the colour of her clothes that well, and neither did her brilliant blue eyes. She turned to look upon the group ambling behind her, with evident impatience written all over her face.

Brooke Miller had 'dragged' a couple of her closest friends to a local Anime Expo being held at a large Auditorium in a neighbouring city to her current hometown of Rose Creek. Two of the four were easily convinced, for their own reasons, but the other half had to be repeatedly recruited, with little success, before eventually giving in to form the five person Cosplay Requirement for most competitions held at the convention.

“This isn't that easy to walk in, you know.” The next person in the group answered as she caught up with the dashing girl. “It's cute, I'll give it that, but I'm use to less volume in the skirt department.”

The second of the quintet was a slightly older girl, with ash blonde hair currently tied in a set of twintails on each side of her head, and forest green eyes. She was the one given the role of 'Madoka' in the group, and was requested to wear a rather puffy pink and white dress with a pink flower-like petal pattern at the base of the upper half of the dress, covering the white skirt like a blooming cherry blossom. The skirt's volume, while staying as close to the original as possible, was slightly reduced to make movement a little easier. Absent-mindedly held in her left hand was a rosewood bow, obviously an imitation, with faux roses 'growing' off the shaft of the item.

Cleo Juniper was one of the easier converts to this merry band of characters from a less-than-merry series. At Brooke's insistence, Cleo had agreed to take part, so long as she was given a character who was dressed cutely and suited her personality well, hence why she was given the most selfless character of the group.

“Don't know what you're complaining about, I've had to stuff the chest department of this one three times to get the right size.” The third girl in the group complained with a deep sigh. “Why was I given the most busty character? I'm hardly a B, let alone a Double D!”

Cleo's older sister, Carrie, was given the role of 'Mami' due to her 'Motherly' qualities. She'd ignored the drill hair requirements of this character, claiming them to be far too tedious to get right on such short notice, and was potentially the hardest one to recruit out of all of them. Her outfit consisted of a White blouse, coupled with a Yellow Ribbon tie, and a gold coloured skirt. Her Light Brown hair was far from the brilliant blonde requirement of Mami, and the chest compartment of her dress was obviously padded out quite a bit. Like her younger sister, she shared the forest green eye colour, which was also far from canonically accurate. Her skirt was a little pushed out at either side of her legs, possibly to fit the weapon summoning requirements for her character.

“Lugging this spear around makes me feel like an Amazonian Huntress.” The fourth member of the group commented as she reached the trio. “Plus, I hate wearing dresses, and this Chinese-like one is really uncomfortable.”

Casey, the final triplet of the Juniper Sisters, had insisted on being Kyoko as she was the most 'badass' in her opinion. The outfit assigned to Casey was a long, flowing red Chinese-like dress, which spilt around the waist to show a pale red short skirt. Casey's hair was far too short to meet Kyoko's requirement, and completely the wrong colour, but minor details were overlooked by Brooke when she planned this. Kyoko's weapon of choice in the series was a polearm with a red spear tip and it did, indeed, look like a huntress's weapon.

“At least you lot can cover up where it matters. This outfit is completely open up there.” The final member of the group cut in. “Why any self-respecting girl would wear something like this, I have no idea!”

Milly Clemens was the final member of the quintet, and was also forcibly recruited by an over-enthusiastic classmate. Being in the same Year and Form Group as Brooke, and also being musically inclined, made her an easy target for a Sayaka cosplay to complete the main cast. As Milly had pointed out, Sayaka's outfit had a verifiable 'boob vision'. The outfit itself completely ignored the shoulder and arm area of most of the outfits, instead starting with a blue and white corset-like shirt only just covering the breast area with shaped pieces of material, making any onlooker able to see and appraise the contours of the cosplayer's upper assets.

The skirt, as well, was rather oddly shaped, focusing more on covering the left leg than the right, making it a strange right-angle triangle like shaped miniskirt. To make up for the lack of upper shoulder and back cover, the outfit came with a flowing white cape. Casually holstered, and also an imitation, on the left side of the skirt's belt area was a shortsword, Sayaka's chosen weapon. Milly's hair, despite being white blonde instead of blue, was reasonably the right length to suit the cosplay, and her deep blue eyes also matched the core material.

“Stop complaining. We'll totally win the Group Cosplay contest with this!” Brooke countered the group's obvious dissent. “We've got three hours before it starts, and I wanna get as much stuff as I can before then.”

“Lead the way, only surviving member.” Carrie dismissed with a shrug. “Trust you to be the only one of us that makes it to the finale of the Season alive.”

“It's not that bad. I save you all, remember?” Cleo tried to shed some optimism on the bleak view of the series. “Even the cute little doll who eats heads.”

“Not cool! No headless Mami jokes!” Brooke chided Cleo, who just giggled in response.

Not needing to be told twice, Brooke happily charged into the sea of people trying to get as much content as they can, whether they be hugging pillows, posters or 'Adult' Doujinshi, leaving her Cosplay group back to the distance they were before, and hastily trying to not lose her in the crowds.

As the Convention went on, the Quintet tried, at Brooke's repeated begging, to peruse as much as they could of the things on offer. There were multiple cosplayers, all going for varying levels of 'Coolness' and 'Suggestiveness' of their cosplayed characters, featuring nearly all of the popular series at present, ranging from 'Re:Zero', to ' Is the order a Rabbit?'. Ram and Rem cosplayers were plentiful, and even some Felix cross-plays were popping up, much to the despair of the Otaku there to see sexy girls wearing sexy cosplays, and not having to puzzle over whether the 'girl' was actually a girl, or a guy in a convincing trap cosplay.

Carrie secretly crept away to the 'Adult' Doujinshi section and perused some of the content there, without the stall owner caring whether she was of age or not. After all, they were there to sell their stuff, laws don't 'technically' apply if there not advertising openly to minors. Picking up one of the 'Boy's Love' books, Carrie began to page through them a little, and, soon enough, embarrassment hit.

“So daring….” Carrie mused to herself as she looked upon girly-boys stuffing their 'bananas' into their equally girly looking male partner's 'salad bowl'. Subway sandwiches, of course, popped up a few times to 'censor' certain parts, but the core of it was mostly uncensored.

“Can girls really do that?!” A rather young sounding girl blurted out to herself as she looked through a 'Girl's Love' doujinshi, prompting Carrie to pull her nose away from girly-boys playing with each other's joysticks.

The equally perverted girl in question also seemed to be sporting a Madoka themed cosplay, but hers, unlike the Quintet's, was from one of the Movies. She'd gone as Nagisa Moemoe. This girl was wearing a pink and white polka-dot dress, with a white collar around the neck with a brown ribbon tie neatly tied around it. Underneath the dress she had a brown long-sleeve shirt on. The only part which didn't match was the fact that, instead of wearing maroon leggings, this girl had decided to daringly show off her slender legs.

She'd kept the green dolly shoes with pink bows on, possibly as that was the cutest factor of the footwear available. Her long dark brown hair didn't match the pure white needed, but she'd tied it to expert perfection, mimicking every little detail in the original., even the two tiny twintails sporting off the main body of the hair, tied off with yellow scrunchies. She looked no older than Brooke, but was openly reading the Adult Girl on Girl action without a care in the world. By the side of her, sitting obediently by her feet, was a small black and tan Dachshund dog on a red lead. It looked up at Carrie and panted lazily as its owner was giving in to temptations.

Realising that her thoughts perhaps weren't as internalised as she'd hoped, a deep blush formed on her cute face as she turned her head, hiding the majority of her face with the book and only showing her ocean blue eyes, towards Carrie,

“Sorry.” She meekly apologised before she turned back to the table and continued reading her book, even going as far as to pull out a small red purse and purchase the Adult Material. She flashed something inside the purse to the Stall owner when prompted, and wasn't questioned on her purchase further. In fact, the owner seemed to be quite conversational with her, and not as professional as most stall owners are with their customers.

Carrie, not wanting to miss out on such an invigorating read, left the required sum to purchase the Yaoi doujinshi she was leafing through and hastily hurried back to the main group, hiding the book in her bag on the way.

During the rest of the time remaining before the main Cosplay event, Brooke was dragging her little group with her to nearly every stall, stopping to sample the many delicacies, both edible and non-edible, that were on offer. Money seemed like no object to her as she paid the extortionate prices required for most of the exclusive imported content, ensuring to pick up a Kyubey plushie when she could.

“Rich girls...” Casey sighed as she followed along behind the over-energetic junior.

“At least she's having fun.” Cleo commented. “I haven't seen her this happy in a while.”

“There's that, I guess.” Milly interjected. “She's really been looking forward to this. I think seeing her this cheerful is worth the lingering embarrassment I'll feel for being ogled by all these sweaty shut-ins.”

Throughout their time here, Cleo had been consuming copious amounts of all of the imported Green Tea based beverages on sale, with Brooke not being too far behind on the liquid counter. Around an hour and a half before the Group Cosplay event was meant to start, Brooke and the others stopped for a bit to catch their breath and have a hasty lunch of Convention food and drink. During the lunch break, Cleo was evidently distracted and slightly restless. The tell tale signs of all the Green Tea was starting to catch up with her, prompting Carrie to suggest that they cut their break a little short to prevent a 'Madoka Burnout'. And so the hunt began.

The Auditorium where the convention was held was no small building, as one would expect, and housed many a batch of facilities. However, due to the sheer number of people there, finding an empty one, or one with a short enough line, was really slim. Cleo's Green Tea overload was gradually building up in intensity, forcing the girl to take smaller steps and keep her body as rigid as she could to prevent leaks. Her hand went from at her sides, to close to her body, to passing her bow over to Brooke, to sneakily holding herself under the folds of her skirt.

Brooke wasn't fairing much better, but she hadn't be quite as careless with the Green Teas as Cleo had. Nearly all the toilets they came across had rather long lines for the female ones, and next to instantaneous entry to the male ones, showing just the ratio of genders to attend events like this. Cleo had attempted waiting in a few lines, only to find that standing still wasn't going to do her any favours for the lengths of the lines, and even bobbing gently from foot to foot didn't help as much as she'd hoped.

Eventually, the group came across a set of toilets with no line outside, but a rather out of place Nagisa Cosplayer, with a Dachshund next to her, standing outside of the Female toilets. She wasn't looking to gain entry and was, instead, looking to prevent entry, deterring any would-be patrons to the porcelain thrones elsewhere with a rather animated protest, by the looks of things. Carrie recognised this little troublemaker as the Yuri fanatic from the Adult Doujins, but she didn't want to make that obvious to the others just yet.

“I really can't keep this up much longer.” Cleo whined. “The Green tea wants out, and it doesn't care where.”

“I told you not to drink so much.” Milly chastised Cleo before turning to Brooke. “And you should know better was well, as you've been to things like this before.”

Brooke just stuck her tongue out in response as she crossed her legs and swayed from side to side a little.

“I'll move the little pest.” Carrie offered. “She can play her little games elsewhere.”

“Be careful of that little snappy thing, he might bite your head off.” Casey joked, prompting another 'Not cool!' from Brooke.

Leading the way to move the troublesome obstruction, Carrie was the first to prompt the Nagisa's defensive play.

“Don't go in there!” The Nagisa Cosplayer warned. “A Witch has opened a Labyrinth inside it!”

“Nice try, Cheese Girl.” Carrie countered. “Witches and Witch Labyrinths don't exist.”

“I'm serious! There's really a Witch in there!” The girl insisted as her companion uttered a low growl at Carrie.

“Go play your game elsewhere. Some people need to use these things, you know?”

“I'm not playing!”

“Get moving or I'll tell the Security here that you bought an Adult book.”

“So what if I did? I'm of legal age! You're not one to talk, Yaoi Fangirl!”

The girl's retort caused Carrie's assault to falter a little as she tried to hastily formulate a response.

“What does Yaoi mean?” Cleo asked. “And can you hurry up with the moving? I'm at my limit!”

Cleo was now, indeed, hunched over a little, openly pushing her skirt between her legs and crossing them over one another as she was practically dancing on the spot.

“Whatever! People's personal interests are not important here.” Carrie resumed her assault. “Now get moving or I'll move you myself.”

“Do you wanna be Witch food and have your Soul Gem turned into a Grief Seed?!” The girl countered. “I said there's a Witch in there!” The girl's dog barked to punctuate her statement.

Carrie, losing her patience with this childish game, just reached over the smaller girl's head and pushed the door open a little, prompting a yelp and a gasp from the smaller girl as she tried to body-block the gap opened. Her little dog ran into the toilets as she shouted after it.

“Jack! Bad Doggy! Get back here right now!” The girl called after her dog, sounding a mixture of afraid and angry.

Jack did, indeed, return dutifully, with an article of clothing in his mouth. He dropped it at his Mistress's feet and it landed with a wet sounding splatter, prompting a startled cry from the girl as she dropped her defiant act, but a little too late.

“Green Tea overload! Soul gem turning dark.” Cleo weakly announced as a loud splattering of liquid on concrete began to sound from where she stood. A noticeably swelling puddle of urine forming at her feet as rivulets cascaded down her legs to meet the expanding lake on the floor. All the Tea she'd drank had now come back to gets its revenge, using its innate properties to be freed from its prison inside of her body. The puddle continued to grow for nearly half a minute before the gushing waterfall had died down to mere drips, lightly falling like raindrops to join its brethren. Strangely, Cleo didn't seem too mortified by her own lack of self control with diuretic drinks, but she was wearing a healthy flush on her face. Her skirt was mostly undamaged, with only a few wet spots forming on the front, which were only really noticeable at close range. All the layers underneath could possibly be thanked for that. “Couldn't hold it.”

“Coming through! Sorry!” Brooke hastily exclaimed as she pushed past the defeated door guardian to reach her destination.

Carrie was about to give this pest a piece of her mind before noticing what the obedient canine had recovered from the Witch Labyrinth. A small set of peach panties, with a large darkened tinge to the crotch and most of the rear. The Defender of the Labyrinth fell to her knees as tears started to well up in her eyes. To add further cause for viewing to the already growing group of onlookers, with camera phones at the ready, snapping pictures and shooting videos of this comical event, not missing a single beat from when Cleo started to announce her descent into Witchhood, the Guardian burst into tears, crying as loud as she could at the incriminating evidence her faithful companion had bought back.

“I couldn't….photo shoots….thirsty….no time….tried….nearly made….too much...pee...puddle...toilets.” The young girl incoherently sobbed as her interrogator glared at her. “Didn't...embarrassing...not a kid...adult...internet….YouTube….viral...career ruined….never show...face again….”

The girl was practically wailing once she finished her confusing explanation. Jack was trying to lick it all away and make his Mistress feel better, but there was only so much a little dog could do. He was also glaring at Carrie, evidently growling deeply at her for upsetting his Mistress. Cleo, in all this confusion, was trying to stay out of sight as much as possible, with Milly and Casey trying to deter the onslaught of voyeurs by brandishing their imitation weapons like the real thing and forming as much of a closed view as they could around the sodden Madoka and her puddle, leaving Carrie with trying to silence the distraught Nagisa.

Eventually, when the Otaku voyeurs had got enough pictures and videos to last them until the next Convention, they dispersed, leaving the group trying to clear up this mess. The Nagisa was still bawling away, with Carrie being left with a situation she had no skills in. Cleo had gotten over her momentary burst shock and began to assess the situation. She soon headed over to the Nagisa to try and help Carrie out, while Brooke left the toilets looking much more relieved than she did when she entered.

“Huge puddle by the middle stall in there.” Brooke informed the group, not quite understanding the situation. “Think the flush backed up, or something.” Milly gave Brooke the 'now is not the time for that' look, and Brooke soon got the message to join the two away from the crying Nagisa.

With a few comforting words from Cleo, and a recount of her own 'missed it' tale, the Nagisa's wailing soon died down to sobs as she recounted her story more clearly.

“I had a lot of photo shoots to go to, and they were all booked really close together. Working under all those lights and doing all those poses makes me really thirsty. I couldn't exactly miss any shoot without upsetting the photographers, so I didn't have a chance to go. I thought I could hold it until they all ended, and I nearly did, but it was all too much. I made it to the toilets, but not onto them. I wet myself in front of them.” The Nagisa admitted, clearly blushing at recounting this tale.

“I didn't want anyone knowing about it, and I was so embarrassed, so I took off my panties and threw them down near the puddle. I didn't want the people here thinking I was a kid as I couldn't even make it to the toilets in time. I'm an adult! I shouldn't be doing this! If anyone found out, they'd all record it and take pictures of it and I'll be all over social media by the end of the day, and in Viral YouTube videos. My career as a beloved award winning Cosplayer will be ruined and I'll never be able to show my face again!”

With the regaling of one embarrassing story, Carrie's view of this troublesome girl changed a lot.

“You kinda remind me of my sister.” Carrie informed the sobbing girl. “Cleo's always one to not want to disappoint, no matter what happens with her, as you've probably seen.”

“Hey, I'm not that bad!” Cleo retaliated with a blush.

“Says the one who just wet herself from drinking too much Green Tea.”

The sisterly banter prompted a little laugh from the girl.

“Do you have any, you know, spares?” The girl asked Carrie. “If she does it a lot, surely you've got some? I can't exactly wear my own now, and I've got one last shoot to go to, and I don't wanna be going commando for that one.”

“Lucky for you, I'd planned ahead.” Carrie answered as she rummaged around her bag to pull out a small plastic bag. “I was expecting Little-Miss-Thoughtless to need some, so I went and took some with me.”

Cleo just pouted in response as she took the bag and began to head into the toilets, stopping as Brooke suddenly spoke up.

“What shoot is your last one?” Brooke asked the girl.

“The Group Cosplay Shoot.” She answered.

“Wanna do it with us? We need a Nagisa to make this a Rebellion Cast line-up.”

“Sure.” The girl happily replied.

“What's your name?”

“Roka.” She answered. “And this'll be the fourth Cosplay Contest I'm coming top in, I'm sure of it!”

Roka and Cleo headed into the toilets to get changed. Afterwards, they came out looking much happier.

“Let's go win the group shot!” Roka happily announced with an energetic fist-pump.

“Sure thing, Lewd-ka.” Carrie taunted.

“I'm 18, I'll have you know!” She retaliated as she drew out her purse from her bag and flashed a set of Photo Cards, one being her Provisional Driving Licence, which clearly showed her age as being what she claimed it to be, and the other was of a group Cosplay shot, with Roka clearly at the front wearing some kind of cosplay consisting of a brown pair of cat ears, a brown cat tail and a dress-like outfit. Brooke took interest in this one.

“What cosplay's that?” She queried, looking rather captivated by the unknown.

“It's me Cosplaying my Main Character on the MMO called 'TERA'. I'm an Elin Sorcerer.” Roka proudly admitted. “Level Cap as of Pre-'Fate of Arun' Expansion. But I haven't played in a while, and the winning shot of last year's Convention.”

The discussion of Cosplays and Games continued as the new-found Six-person cosplay group headed to the final shooting of the day, the Group Cosplay Contest, with introductions coming as a secondary conversation topic.

The final shot went as well as it could go, with Jack being included in the shoot as a 'Prop', and it was, indeed, a contest winner. As Roka had predicated, some of the voyeurism shots of Cleo's 'Green Tea Overload' had made their way to the Internet that evening, with censorship over Cleo's face, preventing anyone from knowing just who burst in such an extravagant way. It was viralised, but Cleo took it in stride. The day had been fun, and she'd made a new friend as well. Nothing could've been better! Roka had exchanged contact details with the girls and they regularly hold chats over IM services. Plans had been made for the next convention, and another Winning Group Cosplay Shot. All it was was a matter of time, now.

Fin~

Afterword: So, there you have it. My first completed story request. I hope it will be to Lisk's liking. I've also included one of @Night Rain

's characters in there as well, with their permission. I do hope I've put her across in a suitable way. As mentioned in the opening post, the next requests will be coming within the next six days.

(PS: I've also sneakily included a lolified version of myself in this story as well. The age has been squished slightly to suit my capabilities, and she may not act as old as I said she is, but it's all Legal at 18 in the country I live in. She may make cameos in future stories as well, if I wish to include her.)

(PSS: If my description of Madoka outfits has failed, here are the main cast members

. And here's Roka's chosen outfit

.

*005*2016-10-31 19:48

Thank you all for the positive comments. :)

If loli-me becomes popular enough, I may include her in more stories, and perhaps give her a spin off one-shot series of her own!

And now, for a confession, and more stories!

I know I said I'd stagger these last two over the six days I had from the previous story post but, as you know, stuff happens and I didn't get a chance to upload them sooner. I'll post one of them in this reply, and the other in a separate post after this one. I dislike double posting but I haven't really got much of a choice in the matter if you want both uploading today. Anyways, foreword over, next story!

This one was requested by @Night Rain and it includes our Characters from one of the RP's we do together. Like before, I've asked the creator of one character for permission and liaised with a personality brainstorm to get the character as right as I can. Nonetheless, I still find this a good story, and it's possibly the longest out of the three requested of me, simply because I couldn't really condense it down much otherwise it wouldn't make sense. WARNING: LOLI IS IMMINENT! If loli is not your thing, tune out right now. I don't want to be flamed and called derogatory comments because some people would rather ignore a warning than heed it. On with the story, titled 'Sera Sisters: A Test of Courage'.

Sera Sisters: A Test of Courage

An imposing looking, derelict Mansion loomed over a decaying courtyard filled with vines and weeds at various stages of overgrowth. Dying flowers were being choked by the stranglehold of these murderous plants, and some were fighting for their lives as the plants tried to smother them and take root in their surrounding area. Overall, this garden, if it could be called that, had not been tended to in many decades, much like the Mansion that overlooked it.

This site has been of interest to most of the residents in the local area. Some believe it to be haunted and cursed, saying that misfortune awaits those who try to pry the mysteries of this intriguing location, and that the Wraiths of the former residents will claim their dues to any person who intrudes on their desecrated sanctum. Local legends say that the former, and only, owners of this doomed building engaging in unholy activities of the most nefarious nature, calling forth creatures from beyond the Veil between this world and the next, and every other world, both ascended and fallen, in existence. Most people steer clear of this Mansion because of those legends, but some are drawn to the possibility of adventure, and debunking any supposed 'curse' or legend about it. And now, the Mansion has its newest guests; four young girls, in the prime of their youth, all eager after a night of Candy Filled fun to explore a 'real' haunted house to prove their courage.

Outside the main gates of the Mansion, its next visitors stood, dressed in the attire of the season.

The first of the young would-be adventurers was dressed in a purple, gold and red Countess dress. The hems and linking threads of this attire are golden in colour, with fine embroidery of miniature bats and pumpkins spaced throughout it, all crafted to painstaking detail to blend well with the main outfit. The golden buttons on the upper half of the dress are shaped in the form of bats. The base colours of the dress and skirt are gradient purple to red, gradually changing based on the direction of light to create a wondrous prismatic effect.

The skirt of the dress stretches down to a modest length, stopping just above the knees. On the back of the dress are a set of faux bat wings, which were complimented by the wearer's chosen footwear of black buckle shoes, with bats as the buckles. The inspiration of this outfit possibly stems from Vampiric origins, but has been tailored to suit girls with a desire to fulfil the roles of Vampress. To complete the outfit, the hairpin in the wearer's short pure white hair, holding back the right bang, is shaped in the form of a Gothic cross. Strangely, the natural red colour of this girl's eyes suited the Vampire motif well.

The second girl was dressed in a more mainstream style, albeit mildly unusual for a girl to go for. This girl had chosen a leotard like outfit made of faux brown fur, complete with fingerless gloves made of the same kind of material. On her head she had a brown wolf ear headband resting on her pink hair. Aside from the brown ankle boots the girl was wearing on her feet, the rest of her was exposed to the elements.

The final duo of the quartet went for a seasonal twist on the classic 'Angel' outfit. Each one looked like half of a whole, in both costume and nature. These identical twins had long, sleeveless silky black dresses on, topped with black feather-like additions to both the neck and the base hems of the dresses. With seemingly no strings attached to them, two black halos floated just above their heads of platinum white hair. To complete the motif was a single black wing, one for the left and one for the right, on each girl's back, making them look like they were once whole, but now split in two, and a pair of formal black dolly shoes. This pair was the youngest of the group, with the slightly older girls chaperoning them.

“I said we're going in, and that's final!” One of the Angel twins boisterously declared to her sister, who stood at the gates, visibly trembling slightly at the intimidating building. “We've come all this way, heard all the stories about it, and now we're proving them all wrong! Ain't no such thing as a true Haunted house.”

“B-but, it's scary. And broken. And h-h-h-haunted.” The other angel twin protested. She then turned her head to the girl in the Vampress dress. “Lilly, you're against going in as well, r-right? It doesn't look safe. Haley's the only one who wants to go in, isn't she? One against two in votes loses, doesn't it?”

Lilly, the Vampress dressed girl, patted the trembling twin on the head and ruffled her hair a little.

“She just wants a quick look around to see if it really is as everybody claims it to be. All it'll take is a quick look around the place. There's nothing to be afraid of, Holly. No ghosts will be getting us, not while myself and Kara are here to keep you two safe.” Lilly comfortingly answered.

“Yeah!” The girl in the Werewolf costume happily confirmed. “Just leave it to us. We won't let no ghost hurt you.”

“Three to one...” Holly quietly said to herself as she sighed in defeat. “Guess we're really going in...”

Before any second thoughts could be had, Haley pushed open the large gates, which creaked eerily as they opened. As expected, being made of wrought iron, the poor girl had to use all her body weight to just get them to move. With the way opened, the brave quartet made their way down the dirt path, through the overgrown courtyard, towards the imposing mansion. Holly held onto Lilly's dress with one hand as the other was placed on her chest, positioned so it could feel the steady increase in her heart rate as they approached the run down abode. Haley, the exact mirror to her sister in this situation, was leading the charge, keeping a brisk, confident pace a few feet ahead of the rest of the group, leaving Kara and Lilly to ensure that the more timid twin was kept safe. Haley only stopped her advance when she reached the large oakwood doors of the mansion proper.

Once the rest of the group caught up, and Holly got a good look at the state of disrepair this building was in, second thoughts were starting to be had.

“We've looked at the mansion now. Can we go home? Please?” Holly begged the rest of the group. “We don't need to go in.”

“No way!” Haley retaliated firmly. “Stop being such a baby! You're ten, not two!”

Holly just whimpered and hid behind Lilly.

“She can't help being scared. You know how much she hates things like this. Have a little sympathy.” Lilly defended Holly. “If she doesn't want to go in, then you shouldn't force her to.”

“We can't just call this whole thing off because Holly doesn't want to go in.” Kara countered. “I want to check this out as well, just like Haley. Going home because Holly's too chicken to go in is just selfish.”

The mounting votes against Holly's brewing fear of the unknown swayed the vote more in favour of entrance. Lilly was the only undecided one. With the obvious group dynamic being focused more towards disproving the haunting left Lilly with little choice in the matter.

“We're just going in, looking around a few rooms then we're heading straight home.” Lilly compromised. “If Holly gets too scared, then we're also calling it. I don't want her having nightmares from all of this.”

“Ugh, fine!” Haley huffed.

“C-can we be quick about it as well?” Holly questioned.

“We'll take as long as we need.” Haley curtly replied. “Whether that's an hour, or three hours.”

“Please not three hours.” Holly pleaded. “I wanna get home as soon as possible.”

“We'll take as long as we need.” Haley firmly repeated. “What's the rush about? Scared you'll pee your pants from fear if we drag this out?”

Holly just whimpered and buried her blushing face in Lilly's dress. Seeing this reaction tipped Haley off as much as was needed, and a mischievous grin formed on her face.

“Now, someone help me open this door.” Haley instructed the group. “The gate was really hard, and this door looks more stubborn.”

Kara assisted in the opening of the solid double doors, which opened with a sound of wood scratching across stone, as clouds of disturbed dust rose from the inside of the aged building. The courageous duo of door-openers were the first to enter the undisturbed halls of the mansion, with the protector and damsel pair following along behind. As soon as all four were inside the building, the doors closed behind them with a heavy slam, prompting a startled shriek from Holly. Lilly and Kara went to check the doors, only to find that, no matter how hard they pulled, the doors refused to move.

“Guess we're stuck in here for now.” Lilly commented. “Let's check the doors a little later. Hopefully, by then, the wood would've set itself again and we'd be able to open them.”

“I wanna go home!” Holly cut in as she hurried over to Lilly once more, tears welling up in her clear blue eyes.

“We can't exactly leave right now, even if we wanted to.” Lilly answered. “Let's check to see if the windows on this floor could be used as an exit.”

With whatever force around preventing them from leaving, the girls decided to look around the Mansion while they thought of an alternative exit.

Like most stately buildings in this area, the Mansion had a large foyer, with five doors on the ground floor, and a set of double staircases leading up to the upper levels. The building, being as old as it was, had stone flooring near the door, and wooden flooring throughout the rest of the building. Some segments of the mansion were too weathered by time to be accessible, with both staircases being broken by either collapsed floorboards, or fallen pillars. However, if one was feeling brave enough, they could use the fallen pillars as makeshift stepping stones to reach the upper levels. From the five doors, there was one on each side of the foyer, one on either side of the collapsed staircases, and another large set of double doors leading into the ballroom, or banquet hall, depending on the mansion set-up.

Following the rule of mazes, the girls started heading through the door on their immediate left.

This door opened out into a large playroom-like area. There were numerous toys and dolls dotted around the room, some on the mantle pieces and others left on the floor or seats. There were most of the old-styled toys present, like classic porcelain dolls, wooden rocking horses and teddy bears wearing Victorian style clothing.

“Creepy.” Haley giggled. “Like something out of those scary movies Lilly says I can't watch.”

“Never been a fan of dolls myself.” Lilly shrugged. “Always the butt of all Horror Movie plotlines.”

“Better keep an eye out, 'cos they may jump off their shelves and get you!” Haley taunted Holly as she pounced on the girl, causing her to scream.

“Keep that up and we will leave, even if we have to smash open the windows.” Lilly warned the playful twin.

“Let's leave. I don't wanna stay in this room.” Holly requested. “I hate dolls.”

Even at the pleading of her sister, Haley still kept poking around the room, moving a couple of dusty teddies and leafing through the bookshelves at the back of the room.

“This room's boring.” Haley complained. “Where're all the TVs and consoles?”

“They probably didn't exist back then.” Lilly explained. “There's no plug sockets or internet sockets in this place, I'm sure.”

“No electricity or internet?!” Haley gasped in shock. “How did they live back then?!”

“By playing with the toys and using their imagination, I think.” Kara informed the awed girl.

“Think we've found the true horror of this house.” Haley grinned. “No internet, TV or Electricity. That's one horror story that really scares me.”

While the girls were discussing the complications of past generations, a faint creaking sound echoed through the empty room. With the conversations going on, Holly was the first to notice, and yelped in shock when she saw what it was.

“What's wrong?” Lilly asked, concerned for the girl.

“Th-th-th-the rocking horse's moving!” Holly answered as she trembled behind Lilly, trying to keep the rocking horse out of view.

“Haley, what did I tell you about scaring Holly?” Lilly sternly grilled the prankster.

“I didn't do it. I haven't been over there.” Haley innocently replied with a confused tilt of her head. “See? I'm all the way over here, and the rocking horse is all the ways over there.”

Haley indicated with a point of her finger the direction the moving object was in. There was a fair amount of distance between the two, with Haley being in the back right corner near the bookcases, and the rocking horse being in the middle of the room a good few paces from her.

“It's probably just the wind, or vibrations from our movement in here.” Kara suggested. “We're a large group, and all of us moving around could cause enough of a vibration to set it off.”

“Whatever it is, we've seen enough of this room.” Lilly informed the rest. “As we've pointed out, all that's in here are toys, dusty books and dolls.”

Ignoring the commands from her older sister, Haley went over to the windows overlooking the courtyard and pulled one open.

“Window's can be opened, at least.” Haley told the others. “We could squeeze out of them if we wanted to.”

Upon confirmation of a potential exit route if the doors remained stubborn, the group returned to the foyer, only to run into an unexpected encounter. Sitting on the stairs on the opposite side of the foyer was a small porcelain doll wearing traditional Victorian Aristocrat Children's clothing, complete with a bonnet. It's eyes were fixed on the four leaving the playroom.

“Was that there before?” Kara asked the others. “Don't think I remember seeing it there.”

“Nice.” Haley smiled. “Really starting to feel like a scary movie now. All we need is for the doll to come alive and stalk us.”

“Please don't say that.” Holly quietly interjected. She the repeated “Ghosts aren't real.” to herself in a whisper.

As the group made their way to the opposite room, the watcher's eyes seemed to follow them across the room. It was, perhaps, due to the way the dolls back in those days were made, with glass eyes which appeared to follow a person's movements, but was actually down to the reflection of light off of them. Holly kept herself as far away from the observer as she could, hiding behind the others as they headed into the next room.

The next room was a large sitting room, complete will old style wooden chairs around a large wooden table. A sizeable fireplace rested opposite the main doorway, with charcoal logs remaining behind the large grate in front of it. An imposing painting of a five person family hung above the fireplace. The family was wearing traditional Aristocrat clothes, and was composed of an official looking man, with black hair turning grey, a middle aged women with dark brown hair, a young man with hair like the woman, and two children, both girls, which were the mirror image of one another, with dark black hair. Each member had deep brown eyes and looked rather stern. These were probably the original owners of this house, if the tradition of hanging a large painting of the family over a fireplace was still followed when this Mansion was inhabited.

“Would it kill them to smile for a painting?” Haley sighed. “They look like they'd just been insulted by the painter.”

“Most family portraits in the olden days were done without the people being painted smiling.” Lilly educated the younger girl. “Unlike today, they didn't have cameras to take photos for picture, so all poses had to be easily held. Imagine trying to smile for hours on end while somebody paints a picture of you from scratch. Not easy, is it? That's why they kept a neutral expression.”

“Guess so.” Haley shrugged in response. “Must've been really uncomfortable. I can't sit still for thirty minutes, let alone a few hours.”

The exploration of the room continued. Unlike the playroom, this room appeared more suitable for prolonged searching. Once the group had fully explored every corner of the room and were about to turn back to the main foyer, the peace was broken. The same doll they'd seen on the stairs in the foyer had followed them into this room and was sitting at the table, staring at the intruders who'd just finished searching the wine cabinet at the back of the room.

“Persistent little thing.” Haley flatly pointed out. “Can't leave us to look around in peace.”

After Haley's disrespectful comment, the windows at the back of the room, near the Wine Cabinet, slammed open, startling the group and prompting a near synchronised yelp of shock. Everyone turned to see that the window's were now open, and the ragged curtains were fluttering wildly on a non-existent ghostly breeze.

“I want out!” Holly screamed in fear.

A loud clattering sounded on the other end of the sitting room as the chair the doll was in had suddenly toppled over. Kara frantically looked around for the missing doll, only to find it seated on top of the Wine cabinet overlooking the group with the words 'Leave!' scrawled on the wall next to it in black ink.

Without needing to be told twice, Holly and Kara quickly fled the Sitting room back into the foyer as Kara yanked, with all her might, on the double door to the Mansion, with Holly using what little strength she possessed to try as well. Lilly and Haley were about to join them, until the door to the sitting room slammed closed and refused to budge, splitting up the pair. Lilly banged on the sealed door, calling through to the others with all she could to try and get some response.

“Okay, I really want out as well now.” Haley said with a shaking voice as she kept looking at the doll in case it moved again.

“Holly! Kara! Answer me!” Lilly shouted through the door as she banged on it without stopping.

Glass shattering now resounded through the sitting room, causing both of the girls to look to the source, which was all of the windows at the front of the house. The shattered glass on the floor fell in a chilling assembly of 'DESECRATER'

When the girl's attention turned back to the middle of the room, the doll had moved once more onto the table. It was now staring at them with a broken wine bottle next to it, which had the shattered half pointing towards the trapped pair…

Back in the foyer, Kara and Holly were having no luck with opening the door. Being split from the other two didn't help Holly's mounting dread much, as the others were still trapped with a possessed doll. Having little option, Kara took on the role of protector and began to lead Holly towards the open window in the playroom, much to Holly's protest.

The playroom looked much more in disarray now than it did before. Dolls had fallen off the shelves, books had taken a tumble to litter the floor in paper and the chairs and small tables were toppled. The window that Haley had opened prior was now firmly shut and, no matter what she tried, Kara couldn't pull it open. Holly was starting to panic quite seriously, and was mildly hyperventilating. Kara wasn't fareing much better, but at least she was more in control than Holly was. The tumbled dolls forming a circle around a symbol drawn on the floor in red crayon wasn't helping much with each girl's nerves. As the pair cut past the circled dolls to return to the entrance, childish giggling could be heard around them, followed by the sound of them chanting in a language unknown to the pair, accompanied by some much deeper, more distorted voices. No girl dared look at the symbol on the floor out of fear, but the grating voices could not be ignored.

When the terrified pair returned to the main foyer, more chaos had ensued. Nearly the entire doll collection and teddy bear collection in the playroom had relocated to the foyer, and they were all looking at the pair leaving the playroom. Obviously moving their heads as well to follow the pair to the main door, which now had written on it 'No escape for the Damned' in large red letter, still sliding down the door and giving it the appeal of blood writing.

Holly couldn't take it any more. She fell to her knees on the floor and burst into tears, with a large puddle forming under her, the feathered section of her dress absorbing as much as it could before the puddle's volume was too much for it. Kara was now the only one who'd not resigned to the fate of being trapped in this accursed house out of the pair and started shoulder-barging the doors, using all she could to force them open. The chanting from the dolls in the playroom now followed them into the foyer and increased in volume as a reversed pentacle started forming on the door, effectively being burned into it by the gazes of the dolls seated opposite it. Kara backed away from the symbol, falling onto the floor and scrambling away as fast as she could while the symbol was being grafted. She didn't know she'd backed into the Watching Dolls until a whole pile of them fell on top of her, blocking out her view and covering her in the demonic fiends.

She tried in vain, shouting and screaming to try and tear them off her, but more kept jumping onto her. She felt her lower regions getting warmer and wetter as a noticeable hissing sounded over the hellish rituals filling this desecrated place. The furs on her outfit hungrily sucked in the growing moisture, preserving the warmth until they could hold no more and the noisy splattering of liquid meeting wood overpowered the rest of the actions. All Kara could see was darkness and dolls, and all Holly wanted to see was through her closed, tear-ridden eyes…

The others, whom were now prisoners of an armed and seemingly possessed doll, refused to take their eyes off it out of sheer terror for what it may do. However, staring at it just induced the same unbridled horror of not looking at it. Its soulless glass eyes bore into each girl, tearing through every fibre of their being. The ghostly gale force ripping through the room and fluttering the curtains, and the oil painting, just added to the horrors of their situation.

“I admit it, this was the worst idea EVER!” Haley confessed to the doll, expecting a benevolent response. “I just wanna go home. Please let us out. We'll never come here again. I promise!”

“Talking to it won't help.” Lilly answered for the silent Warden.

Lilly returned to trying to open the sealed door, only to hear dual screams from the other end, forcing her to break out all she could to try and leave.

“Answer me!” Lilly called through the door, worry evident in her voice. “Come on, please, ANSWER ME!”

Suddenly, the wind surging through the room knocked the oil painting off its hook, causing it to land on the table, splitting the aged wood in two and vaulting the doll on top of Haley while the bottle shattered on the wall just short of Lilly's head.

“IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!” Both girls screamed as the blinds fell over the windows, plunging the room into perpetual darkness, leaving Haley will a murderous doll on her, and Lilly frantically trying to force a door open.

Then...Silence…

Once each girl returned from the darkness they were plunged into, either voluntarily or involuntarily, they found themselves outside of the mansion, lying on the courtyard floor by the centrepiece of the decaying garden.

Lilly was the first to come round and she began to try and rouse the others, praying to whatever Deity may be listening that they were all unharmed. Haley was easily awakened, and pushed herself up to her knees as she stared blankly at Lilly. A faint trickling sound came from her as the parched dirt path got the first watering it had in many years. The terrors of the mansion finally caught up with the girl as she voided her bladder onto the floor, creating a rather sizeable puddle for a girl so small.

After checking on the others, none of them were harmed physically, but the mental scars they all endured would possibly follow them for years to come. Lilly was the only one with dry clothes at the end of it all, while the other three were not so lucky.

“We're never doing something like this again. Ever.” Lilly firmly commanded the rest. “I don't know what the hell was going on in there, or how the hell we ended up out here. I just know that we nearly all probably died.”

“Totally agree.” Haley simply confirmed. “Let's just get home.”

Each girl was in unanimous agreement that this was possibly the most stupid idea they'd ever had. Holly was still sobbing away at the trauma of it all and refused to move. She had to be carried back by Lilly. The girls all left the horrors of the Cursed Mansion behind them and headed on out of the gate. However, the Mansion itself didn't appear to be finished with them…

In a window gently lit by the moonlight, a solitary silhouette gazed out of the window at the retreating girls…

Fin~

Afterword: Okay, there's my second story. Sadly, I've only skimmed over this one for a proof read as, like mentioned before, I've been busy with other things. Again, I hope that I've portrayed the Guest character well enough to be suitable. In addition, I'm not used to writing Horror Themed stories, so this one might not really fit the bill for 'Horror', but, I really do hate porcelain dolls to the point of not ever wanting to own one, or be in the same room as one alone. So, there's the Horror for me.

Roka out, for now~

*006*2016-10-31 19:58

Hello again, third and final story request here!

This one was requested by @vexer6

. The requester just gave me a base plotline to go with and left the rest to my own writing skills. Aside from the idea, they also made a rather specific request for clothing to be wet in, so I had to roll with it and input a bit of background to allow for this to be done. Nonetheless, I had two characters who'd seemingly fit both the age requirement and the clothing one. You may recognise them from my Season-Unseasonal story from last year. One character is, regrettably, missing, but He's mentioned by the girls, and has some nice 'material' coming His way at the end. Again, the baseline plot was something I've had no physical experience writing, or experiencing, for that matter, so it may be completely off and, if it is, I profusely apologise. Anyway, I've done what I can with it and am pleased with the result, so here it is! This one doesn't really have a (snappy) title like the others, but that has no impact on the quality of it, I hope.

An Unfavourable Compromise

Halloween.

A day that, like Christmas and Birthdays, only comes once a year. A day that anybody can become anything they want for an evening and engage in the frights and thrills of the horrific and fiendish. Some choose to spend this day socialising at parties, collecting various sugary snacks from others, or simply sitting at home and marathoning horror movies while handing treats and tricks to the ghoulish visitors to their homes.

However, some may choose to use the cover of night and anonymity to take part in questionable recreation. At this time of year, cornfields grow to their full height and create a natural maze inside of them for anyone willing to brave setting foot in the fields. This is the very situation that two girls have got themselves in to.

Abigail and Vivi, two Highschool freshmen, decided to abuse the natural cover of the cornfields to sample some questionable beverages. Due to the legal age being a little over their current age, and the fact that their families were rather strict on upholding the overarching legislations that prevented underage drinking, both girls had to seek some form of natural cover to even consider engaging in the consumption of alcohol, and so they headed over to a local cornfield, which had previously been used to host a Harvest Festival just before Halloween.

Vivi was dressed in a pink windbreaker jacket, which was at present unzipped, revealing a deep blue polo shirt underneath it. She also had on a pair of blue shorts, which caressed her slender and beautifully toned legs, and a pair of white and pink running shoes branded with a popular sports brand. Her light brown hair was tied in a set of small twintails on either side of her head, held in place by a set of pumpkin bobble ties. Slung over her shoulder she had a hot pink sports bag, also branded with a popular sports brand.

Abigail had on a similar outfit, except her coat was a deep red track jacket, and her footwear was a pair of casual trainers. Her long dark brown hair was nearly held back by a small black hairband with little horns on either side of it, pointing upwards like a typical addition to any devil outfit. She didn't have any bags on her, and had her jacket done up with both her hands in the pockets on the jacket. Unlike her companion, she was feeling the cold of Autumn.

“This is the place.” Vivi informed Abigail. “Now then, let's head inside and get started on these.”

Vivi accentuated her statement with a little tap on her sports bag.

“Track practice ran on a little later than I'd hoped, but we can't miss this just because some people can't pull their weight on the team.” Vivi finished.

“I still think this is rather a bad idea.” Abigail commented, sounding a little apprehensive. “Won't our parents smell it on us when we get home?”

“Fat chance of that if we just head up to our rooms and lock ourselves away for the night. If my Dad found out that I'd been drinking, he'd never let me hear the end of it.”

“Yeah, but...”

Despite the confirmation from Vivi, Abigail was still second guessing her choices. Never in her life had she even so much as seen alcohol, let alone sampled it. All she knew about it came from her classmates at school, whom often regaled people with tales of drunken capers and brutal hangovers. Most of them were possibly fabricated so they could get with the 'in' crowd, but, even so, it didn't do anything to help her views of the unpredictable drink.

“If you wanna back out, you're more than welcome to.” Vivi lightly teased the apprehensive girl. “I'll just tell Him that you couldn't hold your drink and had an embarrassing accident. I'm sure that'll make 'It' stand to attention quicker than a soldier does to their commanding officer.”

“D-don't tell Him that!” Abigail protested as a deep blush formed on her face. “Th-that's totally not true! I'll prove it!”

“Gotcha...” Vivi grinned to herself.

At that planned provocation from Vivi, both teens were set on the evening they had planned and headed deep into the Corn Maze, using the cover of the natural barricades to prevent any curious onlookers from catching on to their lawbreaking antics. When they'd reached the clearing in the centre, Vivi placed her bag on the floor, opened it up and drew out a pair of WKD Blue Bottles.

“We'll start out small.” Vivi informed Abigail as she handed her one of the bottles. “These are only 4%, so they're as weak as they come.”

Opening up one of the side pockets, Vivi pulled out a small Bottle opener and popped the caps of each bottle.

“How many more you got in there?” Abigail asked.

“Two more WKD, a 4 pack of Stella, and a Litre bottle of Smirnoff.” Vivi answered. “We probably won't get through all of them, but we can try.”

“I-I'll do my best!”

“This isn't cheerleader practice, Cheer Captain. We're not trying to win a game here. Just drink and enjoy the evening.”

And so, the alcohol filled night began. The first pair of drinks took a little longer to finish off because neither of them wanted to rush in and face the consequences of intoxication too soon. When they'd cleared the first set, the others flowed more easily. Both girls got rather tipsy, giggling at one another's stupid stories and behaviour. The alcohol did the thinking for them when they started on the Stella, as they tried to down it as quickly as they could, only to fail miserably and spill most of it on themselves. They were about to start on the Smirnoff when Vivi caught the time while flicking through her phone for pictures of her Childhood friend in embarrassing situations.

“Oh shit!” Vivi exclaimed. “I was meant to be back before eleven, and now it's going on for midnight.”

“Vivi~ doooon't shpeak sho loud.” Abigail slurred as she pulled herself up from leaning on the Scarecrow in the field. She was possibly the most drunk out of the pair. “You'll wake up -hic- Mishter Scharecrow.”

“You're totally pissed, girl.” Vivi laughed at her drunken friend. “You've only had one WKD and half of a Stella.”

“But I've outdrank Mr. Scarecrow.” Abigail protested with a small pout. Her face was positively flushed red with drunkenness.

“That's easy to do. We'd outdrank him before we even started.”

Getting Abigail home in this state would be problematic to say the least, but Curfews demanded it, and Vivi had already far surpassed hers.

“Come on, let's get you home.” Vivi chuckled to Abigail as she pulled her up onto her shoulder. Standing up was possibly not the best idea for her, as both girls soon toppled over as the alcohol caught up with Vivi, causing them to land in quite a heap on the floor, laughing like idiots as they fell.

“Guess I'm just as bad as you.” Vivi laughed as she tried to stand up once more. “Though, I've had at least twice your count.”

“Vivi, I gotta pee~” Abigail announced, not caring about the blatantness of her statement. She'd become quite childish from the drunkenness.

“So have I, but let's get home.”

“But I really gotta gooooooo.”

“Yeah, you can go when we get home. Peeing in this field is the last thing I wanna do, and you should know better as well.”

“Oooooooookayyyyyyyy...”

Once Vivi had finally managed to regain her footing, supporting both a drunken Abigail and her half empty bag of alcohol, the pair started to make their way out of the field. However, due to their lack of foresight, and the mild intoxication Vivi was currently experiencing, navigating out of this maze proved more difficult than they'd expected. Vivi had somehow managed to go a full circle back to the Scarecrow twice before she'd noticed that they weren't getting anywhere.

“Vivi, I really gotta pee now.” Abigail whined as she squirmed a little on Vivi's shoulder. “Are we out yet?”

“No we're not.” Vivi sighed as she tried to right the squirming girl so she didn't fall flat on her face. “You're not a kid. You can hold it through one stupid maze. And stop saying it, you're making it worse for me as well.”

“But I really, really gotta pee...”

Abigail was too far gone in the alcohol to get any sense out of her. Eventually, after coming across the same Scarecrow for a third time, Viv just gave up.

“This is so stupid!” She angrily complained. “Let's just bust through the corn out of here!”

True to her word, and her short temper, Vivi just picked a single direction, which was the one the scarecrow was facing, and just charged through the corn. There was enough of it around to make up for a small amount of trampled corn. However, pushing aside all the corn wasn't easy. Plus, the mounting pressure in her bladder, and the technical deadweight on her shoulder, wasn't helping matters.

“Vivi, I can't hold it!” Abigail suddenly announced “I'm gonna pee myself!”

“You can't be serious!” Vivi protested. “We've only been wandering around for, like, thirty minutes!”

“I'm really serious. It's coming ooooooouuuuuuuuutttttttt!”

True enough, Vivi felt the side of her leg that Abigail was leaning on suddenly get warmer and wetter as a noisy splattering of pee hitting plant life echoed around the pair.

“EW! GROSS!” Vivi exclaimed as she quickly pushed Abigail to the side, making her stumbled a little before falling on her rear, still peeing full force, on the trampled corn plants underneath her.

“Knew this would happen.” Vivi grinned to herself as she got her phone out and began recording Abigail's complete loss of control, much to the dismay of the target. “He's gonna love this. He'll be jerking off to this tomorrow!”

“Noooooooooo, stop recording!” Abigail retaliated as she tried to hide the rapidly growing wet patch across her blue shorts, but was evidently just flailing around as she couldn't really see the exact place through her proverbial 'Beer Goggles'.

The explosion from Abigail lasted nearly a full minute as all the alcohol she drank that night forced its way out of her, onto her sodden shorts, and into the puddle forming on the corn under her. Seeing another losing control just made it even harder for Vivi to keep her own bladder in check as she crossed her legs and bobbed from side to side while recording, even going as far as to turn the camera on herself and record her pee-dance for the amusement, and 'material', of the recipient for this video. The alcohol possibly had some influence on her brazen display, as she wouldn't, in her right mind, even dream about doing something like this.

Once Abigail had finished emptying her liquid reserves, she sat there, gently sobbing away, as Vivi stopped the recording and picked her up once more.

“Don't be so down. He's gonna love this when He gets it.” Vivi tried to console her companion, though it didn't really work as expected.

“I peed myself.” Abigail sobbed in response. “I really peed myself.”

“Good one, Captain Obvious.”

Now that one had found relief, all that remained was for the other to either meet the same fate, or get out of this maze in time. Thankfully, after another ten minutes of pushing on in the same direction, Vivi and Abigail made it out of the maze and back to the road they entered from. One problem solved, now one more remained.

“Okay, let's stop here for a bit. I'm at my limit.” Vivi informed Abigail as she set her down on the kerbside and put all her focus on holding back the impending flood.

“You should pee yourself too.” Abigail countered. “It's only fair.”

“What?! No way in hell would I do that!”

“Do it. You recorded me peeing myself, so fair is fair.”

“I said no!”

Abigail was having none of Vivi's non-compliance. With most of the drunkenness gone, Abigail could at least move enough to pounce on Vivi and tickle her all over, prompting the other girl to enter a fit of giggles and squirming.

“Stop! You'll make me pee myself!” Vivi ordered her tickle attacker.

“That's the whole reason I'm doing this!” Abigail retorted. “You got to see and record me peeing myself, so, as I said, it's only fair that you do it!”

“You're drunk, girl! You don't really want this!”

“Yes I do.”

“Seriously, STOP! STOOOOOOOOOOP!”

Eventually, Vivi's iron grip faltered, and a sheer torrent of urine erupted forth from her, instantly soaking her shorts and cascading down to the floor beneath her, forming a mini lake beneath her on the pavement. Abigail, with her phone already out and primed for recording, was capturing every last second, from when she started her tickle assault, to this very moment, capturing the entirety in crisp HD Quality, using the street lights as lighting.

“He's gonna love this as well. Seeing a pee shy girl like you using your panties as a toilet over the cover of the cornfields.” Abigail taunted. “Revenge is sweet, and so will He be after He sees this.”

With absolutely no strength left to hold back the tides, Vivi just let her bladder empty itself all over her clothes and the floor. Much like Abigail was after her loss, Vivi's post accident shock caught up to her as she gently sobbed away, looking at the lake she was making beneath her. Once around half a minute was up, the torrent died down to a stream and finished with trickles. Her blue shorts were now a deep blue and glistening in the light from the lamps, and the lower half of her polo shirt was also not saved from the flood. Thankfully, her jacket had prevent most of it from reaching anywhere else, but her clothes were still sodden, especially on the lower half.

“Happy now?!” Vivi sulked with a sniffle.

“Now we're equal.” Abigail answered with a smile as she stopped the recording.

After a tense moment between the pair, each of them burst out laughing at what had just happened. They'd left for a night on the drink, only to end up wetting themselves and recording it as masturbation material for a friend. Overall, this night had been eventful, and now came the awkwardness of making it home, in pee soaked clothing, and back to their rooms without their parents noticing. Let the stealthing begin.

Fin~

Afterword: There's all my requests, completed and posted in all their glory. Despite the smaller turnout than anticipated, I'm quite thankful that I only had a few to focus on, as that allowed me to put all my effort into one at a time rather than splitting it across multiple stories. Once more, I hope that I've fulfilled the requests to a suitable level for each person who was kind enough to offer inspiration for me.

Happy Halloween to all!

Roka out!~

