The Same Bladder | Wet Wizard Wendy

Author: Isosceles

*000*2022-06-27 23:29

This is the first real story I've written outside of school, but I think I'm pretty good at writing so please be brutal with any criticisms to bring my ego down to the correct level.

Wendy's Dorm Room - 7:00 AM

Wendy woke up to a familiar, yet still disappointing feeling. She pulled away her sheets and looked down at her legs to confirm. Sure enough, there was a large dark spot on the sheets centered on a similar one on the crotch of her otherwise light grey pajama pants. Wendy had wet the bed again. She sighed as she got out of bed to clean up. As she peeled off her wet panties, she glanced over to the corner in her closet that hid a small plastic package labeled "Goodnites." Her parents had managed to convince her to bring them to college, but she only wet once or twice a month, and felt that the protection they would provide on those nights wasn't worth feeling like a baby on all of the others.

While Wendy didn't derive any positive emotions from wetting the bed, there was one upside to the situation, which was that she was able to get one of the coveted few "single rooms." Most freshmen were required to have a roommate, but all it took was a doctor's note and a few embarrassing conversations with various school faculty and Wendy was able to live by herself in a dorm room that had its own small bathroom. This was great for Wendy not only for the obvious reasons, but also because it gave her the privacy required to do what she does best. She pulled out a small, intricately carved wooden stick and pointed it at the wet pile of clothes and sheets on her bed. After uttering a few words in a language she only vaguely understands, Wendy flicked her wrist and the pile of dirty laundry no longer fit that description. Her now-exposed thighs, however, were still damp and a bit sticky, so she stepped in the shower to clean up.

It was only then that Wendy realized just how frustrated she was with herself. "I'm in college now," she thought to herself, "why don't I have more control over my own body?" She let the water run down her naked body as she thought about what, if anything, she could do about this. The obvious solution was one that she had thought of many times before. In fact, it was what came to mind first whenever she had any problem whatsoever: magic. However, the number of spells she had access to was limited. She had already read through all of them even tangentially related to bladder control, and none of them were even close to what she needed. With that thought, she should have probably moved on to more mundane solutions, but something seemed to be stuck in the back of her mind.

Due to the many visits to the doctor she had previously gone on, Wendy was intimately aware that part of the problem was the size and strength of her bladder. If she could fix that, her problem should go away. The issue is that spells that modify the human body are strictly forbidden for wizards under a certain age, due to the extreme complications that could arise (and had arisen many times before). Wendy, however, happened to know where her family kept the age-restricted spell books, and was just irritated enough to try something risky. That night, when her parents were asleep, she would finally stop her bedwetting for good.

The Study - 11:49 PM

Wendy cast a spell and stepped through her bathroom door into her father's study. Shelves of books lined the walls, but she didn't bother to glance at most of them; she knew where her target was. On the top of a shelf at the far end of the room sat a book mislabeled "Archeology for Dummies." Previous instances of snooping in this room had made her fully aware, however, that this book actually contained spells designed to modify human anatomy temporarily or permanently. It was entirely written in the same confusing, unintuitive language that spells were composed of, so finding the right spell would take some decoding.

Around 30 minutes later, she had combed the table of contents enough to find a spell that just might work. It said something about making a single part of your body be "the same" as someone else's. Surely, all she had to do was pick someone with a stronger bladder, and she would be golden. Her best friend Kate seemed like a good fit. They were a similar height and weight, and Kate needed to use the bathroom much less frequently than Wendy. Wendy memorized the spell and started to put the book back on the shelf. "Wait," she thought to herself, "if I'm going to involve Kate in this, I need to make sure there's no way of it hurting her." She opened the book back up and checked a few things. After a few careful rereads and looking up some words, Wendy assured herself that the spell would only physically affect herself and that there wasn't a way for it to kill either of them. Content with that clarification, Wendy stepped through the bathroom door back to where it normally leads.

She went to the bathroom, clearing out her bladder before what she had begun to think of as "the operation." She took off all of her clothes and stepped into the shower. Sometimes these things can get messy. With her wand pointed just below her belly button, she recited the spell while including "bladder," and Kate's full name in the appropriate spots. When the spell was finished, Wendy could feel a strange pressure in her body as her bladder started to change shape. She jumped a bit as a small squirt of pee forced its way out of her and splatted onto the shower floor. After a few seconds, however, she started to feel normal. "I hope that means it worked," she thought as she stepped out of the shower and got ready for bed.

Wendy's Dorm Room - 7:00 AM - The Next Day

Wendy woke up to a comfortable, dry bed and hoped that it wasn't just a coincidence. "I guess it might be a while before I know for sure," she thought to herself as she got up to go to the bathroom. She slid her panties off of her legs and sat down on the toilet. She started to pee as normal, but it felt slightly off. Even though the amount was the same, it almost felt like she was peeing twice at the same time. Maybe it was just her increased bladder capacity, or maybe she was simply overthinking things. Wendy wiped herself and started to change so she could get to class.

Classroom 146 - 10:24 AM

The day went by as it normally does for the most part, which was a good sign. Wendy sat in her introductory graphic design class, only half-listening to the lecture on color theory as she doodled idly in her notebook. "...the colors get warmer as...," the professor said as she realized her legs were also getting warmer. Horrified, she glanced down while trying not to draw attention to herself and tried to stop the flow. Unfortunately, there was nothing she could do as warm urine spread out from between her legs.

It soaked through the back of the navy-blue skirt that made up the bottom half of her school uniform and pooled into a puddle on her chair. It kept going, creeping down the chair leg and onto the floor by the time her bladder had finally emptied itself. Wendy didn't know what to do. She hadn't even needed to pee that badly. She felt the entire contents of her bladder soaking against her skin and had to hold back the urge to cry. Luckily, no one seemed to notice, so she sat in her chair, her face burning red as she waited for everyone else to leave.

Eventually, everyone did leave, except for the professor. He would be staying in this room until his next class, and Wendy would have to walk right past him having clearly just peed all over herself. He looked to see why one of his students was still in their chair, and Wendy could tell from the empathetic concern on his face that he had noticed the mess. "I'll clean this up," she started to stutter, but he told her that a custodian would take care of it. Her face somehow turning even redder than before, she stumbled out of the classroom and into the bathroom to clean up. Then, as her thoughts finally had a chance to clear, an important one came into her mind: "Either Kate's bladder is a lot weaker than I thought it was, or I screwed up that spell."

Kate's Dorm Room - 8:00 AM - Earlier that same day

Kate woke up to an entirely unfamiliar feeling, one she had felt before but long forgotten about. She pulled away her sheets and looked down to see what it was. There was a large dark spot on her sheets centered on a similar one on the crotch of her otherwise light pink panties. Kate had wet the bed for the first time since she was potty trained. She reached down between her legs and felt the moistness that confirmed it. Her roommate's bed was empty, and she desperately hoped that she hadn't seen what transpired in the night. She got out of bed and removed her sheets so she could wash them.

Hallway - 10:23 AM

As Kate was walking back from her second class, she was still thinking about what had happened that morning. It wasn't like she had been drinking or anything. Was she sick? She didn't feel sick, but just in case, she decided to go to the bathroom now, in case it would sneak up on her. She pulled down her skirt and panties and started to pee. "Yep, I think there's something wrong," she thought. It felt different from normal, in a way she couldn't quite place. It was almost as if she was peeing twice at the same time. "Wait, that doesn't even make any sense. I'm probably just overthinking things."

Not too long after, she got a call from her best friend, Wendy. Kate frowned. Nine times out of ten, if Wendy was calling her in the middle of the school day, it was because she fucked up a spell. She had told Kate about the whole magic thing a while back, and frankly, sometimes it seemed like only negative things had come from it. Kate answered the phone and listened to the voice of a Wendy who had possibly just been crying. "Hey Kate, I think I messed up."

Wendy explained the entire situation, and just as Kate was making the mental note that it was now ten times out of eleven, she realized something. "I think I know what is going on, can you meet me in the bad bathroom?"

Bad Bathroom - 10:40 AM

Wendy had completely understood what Kate meant by the "bad bathroom." It was the one bathroom on campus that barely ever had anybody in it because of how gross and allegedly haunted it was. The "haunted" rumor was made up and reinforced by Wendy, who had cast a few spells to ensure she could have a space in the classroom building that nobody would walk in on. The bathroom had two stalls, which was all Kate apparently needed to test her hypothesis. "Just sit on the toilet in that stall and don't do anything." Wendy did as she was told and pulled down her still damp skirt. A few seconds later, a small jet of pee burst out of her without warning. Curiously, the sound it made when it hit the toilet was also coming from the stall that Kate was in. "I've figured it out," she said over the wall of the stall, "we're sharing the same bladder!"

Parking Lot - 2:00 PM - 2 Days later

As Wendy waited with Kate and the rest of the volleyball team for the bus to show up, she thought about her bladder. She had managed to coordinate going to the bathroom with Kate via text to avoid any further accidents while she tried to find a solution. All she had found so far was how to change whose bladder she was sharing, but frankly that wouldn't really help her much. The bus finally showed up and she sat down next to Kate. It would be a long ride to the game, and the stress was already starting to make her think she needed to pee again.

It took about an hour for her to realize that thought was definitely correct, and she asked if they would be able to stop to use the restroom. "We've got a stop in about 30 miles" the bus driver responded. She was content with that answer. She wasn't too desperate yet. Half an hour later, the bus stopped at a gas station and everyone got out. "Make sure to use the bathroom if you need to," the coach said, "There isn't anywhere to stop after this besides our destination."

Wendy and Kate didn't need to be told to go; they were the first ones off of the bus. Their faces sunk as they stepped inside the gas station and realized something: there was only one toilet. If one of them went, the other would be wetting themselves, and it wouldn't be worth the rumors that would start if they both went in at the same time. They both stepped aside, as if they hadn't needed to use the bathroom after all, and they tried to figure something out. By the time Wendy determined she would be willing to sneak out back and crouch down, it was already too late. Everyone else was getting back on the bus.

The urge to pee grew as each minute passed. She realized there was too much time left in the trip to make it when her bladder started hurting. She squirmed in her seat and looked over to Kate making very similar motions. For a split second, her bladder released and a small wet patch appeared on her underwear. Kate appeared to jump a bit and turned to look at her, concerned and desperate. Wendy's mind raced as she thought of how she could get out of this. She felt so guilty for subjecting Kate to this, and her mind turned towards ways she could even just spare her the embarrassment.

"I could sit on her lap," she thought "and then it might look like all of the pee was mine." No, that was a bit too ridiculous. "But what about something even more ridiculous?" Wendy looked over to Kate. "Cover me," she said as she slid down into the area in front of her seat. Kate, wondering what she was up to, held up the blanket she had on her legs to cover any line of sight the other passengers had to her. Wendy then pulled out her wand and said some words Kate didn't recognize. Well, maybe she did recognize a few words; one of them sounded like "bus."

Wendy sat back up in her seat as she felt her bladder shift in the same way it had a few days before, and that was enough to release the floodgates. She closed her eyes and moaned slightly as a steady stream soaked through her volleyball shorts and onto the seat of the bus. She heard Kate's concerned squeal as the same thing happened to her. She felt confident that she had reduced Kate's embarrassment, however, because a gush of pee was coming from the crotches of everyone on the bus. A few moans, sighs, and startled yelps came from the various passengers as puddles of pee pooled onto the seats and its scent filled the bus.

The streams slowed as Wendy regained control over her bladder, and an awkward silence filled the piss-soaked bus. Eventually they made it to the school of the team they would be playing against, and they all shuffled through the halls of the rival school towards the bathroom as a few members of the other team turned to each other stifling laughs. Wendy felt justifiably embarrassed, but also slightly proud. Now was no way anyone on the team would tell the school that she and Kate had pissed their pants.

*005*2022-07-07 15:44

I was originally thinking of making this an anthology-type thing but decided to continue the story directly. I have some ideas, but would like some feedback on what to do.

The way to continue this that I've been thinking the most about would involve diapers quite a bit. If I go with that, should I keep it on this thread and just add a diaper tag, or make it a "sequel" in "Diapered and ABDL Fiction." I could also just resolve this storyline and continue it with different magic-based omorashi concepts. Let me know what you think, and thanks for enjoying my story.

Chapter 2

The Bus - 4:51 PM

Jess noticed an uncomfortable silence on the ride back, but didn't bother doing anything to break it. When the team had continued to have accidents after they got to the school, the coach had to call off the game due to "illness." Jess felt a bit guilty because she was one of the first ones to the bathroom, and she must have taken too long, because she noticed some girls with freshly wet shorts as she exited. "I should have let them go first," she thought, "I'm not sure I would have even minded wetting my pants again." She was still a bit uncertain about her own feelings towards the situation.

The last time she had peed herself had been during potty training, so the sudden feeling of release and warmth between her legs was entirely unfamiliar. This made it difficult to tell if there was a different, more familiar feeling of warmth. The more she thought about it, however, the more she managed to convince herself. She wasn't sure if it was the embarrassment, helplessness, or just the way her wet panties rubbed against her pussy, but something about it really turned her on.

Jess quietly slipped a hand under her waistband after making sure the girl sitting next to her was still asleep. Before she could start to fully appreciate the feeling of damp fabric against her skin, the bus pulled to a stop. She quickly pulled her hand back to a neutral position as the motion of the bus woke the girl next to her. Jess tried to act natural and started to exit the bus with everyone else. Unsurprisingly, most of them were going straight to the bathrooms. Jess realized that she was also fairly desperate to pee. She thought it for a second. "I guess it would be hypocritical of me to run to the bathroom now." Despite her relatively full bladder, she decided to walk straight back to her dorm room across campus.

Wendy was by some trees near the edge of the courtyard when she got what she was secretly hoping for. Even though she still felt like she could hold it for a bit longer, she froze in place as her bladder muscles relaxed on their own. She shoved her hand back into her pants to feel the wet spot growing. It quickly reached full size as pee started running over her hand and down her legs, disappearing into the grass below her. She pressed her soaked panties up against her pussy and quivered. She rubbed them slowly at first, but quickly sped up. This was the best it had felt since she first discovered masturbation, and she was anxious to get to the end. Before the flow had even completely stopped, her legs shuddered beneath her as she let out a moan that was louder than she had anticipated. After taking a few seconds to compose herself, she quickly looked around to make sure nobody saw, and rushed back to her dorm.

Parking Lot - 5:00 PM

"I really need to learn to start thinking ahead" Wendy thought, as yet another torrent of warm pee flowed out into her panties. The silence on the ride back had made it impossible to discreetly cast a spell to undo the previous one.

Now that everyone was finally off the bus, Wendy hid around a corner and pulled out her wand. She cast the same spell as before with Kate as the target again, but to her surprise, nothing seemed to happen.

She tried the spell a second time, but with no luck. "Oh no." Wendy hadn't realized that she said that out loud, but Kate piped up from her position as lookout. "I really don't like the sound of that. What went wrong this time?" Wendy didn't know the answer to that question, so she thought for a bit before finally answering: "I think casting the spell again doesn't undo previous versions of it." She paused. "Which means until I can figure something else out, we're stuck sharing a bladder with the entire volleyball team."

This was bad. Really bad. It had already been bad enough when it was just Kate and herself, but now people who don't know about magic are involved. Not only did this mean they couldn't coordinate, but if the other girls realized the timing of their "accidents" was supernaturally similar, she could end up in bigger trouble than she ever had before. She had to fix this fast.

Jess's Dorm Room - 5:12 PM

Jess sat on her bed, still wearing her wet volleyball uniform. She rubbed her damp thighs against each other as she thought about her recent discovery. Eventually, her roommate, who was also still wearing her soaked uniform, opened the door and walked in. Jess glanced at her roommate's shorts. The darkened blue fabric clung to her legs and glistened slightly as they moved. Jess stopped herself from visibly staring at her roommate's crotch and greeted her before it got weird that she was still looking in that direction. "Hey Kate," she said. "Hey Jess." Kate stepped into the room and paused. "Why haven't you changed yet?" Jess thought about lying or just giving a noncommittal answer, but instead decided to see how far she could push the conversation.

"I think I kinda like just sitting here in my wet clothes." Kate seemed confused, but not entirely disgusted, which was a good sign. "Aren't you worried about your sheets?" Jess looked down at the bed she was sitting on and noticed the dark spot below her. She shrugged. "I was meaning to do laundry anyway. You can sit next to me if you'd like." She patted a spot on the mattress. Kate hesitated, then walked over and sat down. Some of the liquid still in her shorts seeped into the bedsheets. She adjusted her sitting position a bit. There were a few seconds of silence before she spoke up. "So what do you like about this?" she asked, trying not to sound judgmental. Jess pursed her lips and thought for a bit before responding. "I uhhh... I mostly like the way it feels between my legs."

Her heart quickened and she blushed furiously as she feared she may have taken it too far. She looked at Kate to gauge her reaction. Her face was also red, and she seemed a bit nervous. Before Jess could walk back what she said, Kate chimed in. "I think I'm feeling it too." If Jess's heart wasn't already beating fast, it would have started to as she realized she now had someone to share her "new passion" with. What she hadn't picked up on yet, however, was that wet pants weren't the primary reason Kate was "feeling it."

Wendy's Dorm Room - 5:12 PM

Wendy determined based on the volume of her last accident that she would have time to clean up and change before another one of the girls decided they needed to pee. She peeled off her wet volleyball uniform, then showered and changed into a fresh pair of clothes. Then she got to work.

Wendy had spent most of her free time in the last few days trying to find a solution but had come up short. Now she was desperate which gave her less time, but also meant she was willing to try things she would have deemed to be too risky previously.

Wendy cast a spell and then walked through her bathroom door into the study. She started skimming through books she had examined previously, reassessing options that she had previously rejected. Some spells that didn't seem quite relevant but could have a similar effect to what was needed, such as anti-mind control wards, were put in the "maybe" pile. Others were once again dismissed outright for their high risk of injury or death. It took going through many books before Wendy found the first thing she was willing to try. It would be difficult to pull off, but ideally this would "split" their shared bladder back into individual-use bladders. It wasn't a physical splitting, that would have put it into the "too dangerous" pile. Despite that, it was still a risky spell and Wendy knew it. She was hesitant but had gone through too many options to not try this one.

Before she had time to memorize the spell, Wendy heard the sound of a garage door opening. "Crap, someone's home," she thought. She quickly started to cast the spell before anyone saw her. She started to put away the books and immediately noticed a rapidly growing urge in her bladder. Just then, she heard a voice. "Oh, hi Wendy, what are you doing here?" Wendy spun around to see her mother standing at the doorway. Her panic was almost enough to make her forget about her rapidly filling bladder, but it made sure to remind her with a twinge of pressure that made her entire body shudder. This was bad. She didn't know if she could hold for much longer.

"Hey mom, I uh..." Wendy tried to think of something to say, but her entire mind was focused on the immense pressure in her bladder and desperately attempting to hold it back. Her mom took a few steps into the room, looking a bit concerned or perhaps just confused. Wendy opened her mouth to speak again, but a quick spurt shot out into her panties. "Fuck," she thought, "there's no way out of this situation is there?" Her last chance was to run to the bathroom and explain later. As she raised her leg up to take a step, however, the floodgates opened. She shot her leg back next to the other one to try to stop the flow, but it was too late. Her bladder muscle had completely given out, and a strong stream of piss was now seeping down her legs. Wendy couldn't believe what was happening. In the same way a small child would, she was peeing her pants right in front of her mommy. Also like a small child, Wendy began to cry.

