Punished

Author: infinitefluff

*000*2023-01-27 22:24

"I would like to preface this by saying, that this is an idea that has been lingering around my mind for years, and while i am not very active in the community to begin with, I have never found anything quite like it, so i thought i would share" - Author

There was a noise coming from the hallway, a door creaking as it opened. Yui stood in the doorway, and closed it shut behind her, breathing a quick "Hi." to her Father who was sat on the Livingroom Sofa, before hurrying to her room. Quickly she threw off her jacket and Backpack, as well as her Shoes. There was a reason she was in such a hurry.

During School, Yui didnt have a single chance to catch a Bathroom break, and her bladder had surely filled up over the last 5 Hours.

As she had set all her stuff down in her Bedroom, she mentally prepared for the feeling of relief that she was finally going to get in just a minute. She exited her room again, and headed back towards the Hallway, for her Father to ask "Where are you headed?"

"Bathroom" Yui answered, and bolted for its door, only to realise that it didnt Open. "We gotta have a chat with you." Her Father called out to her from inside the livingroom, leaving her confused. "Sure, but can I just pee first?"

Her Mother just exited the Kitchen into the Livingroom as well. "Sit down and listen to us." Yui's Father said, now in a much more Stern and serious tone of voice. Her Mother sat down, and Yui headed back to the Livingroom as well, taking a seat between the two.

"We have, once again, found the Washroom in complete chaos after you took a shower and did your Makeup in there just prior to that. We have talked to you numerous times about this!" Her Father now almost was yelling, but quickly reverted to a more calm, although a little sinister tone. "So we have decided that from now on, the Bathroom is locked for you, unless we both specifically grant you permission to use it, and unlock the door for you."

"So what if I have to pee??" Yui asked almost instantly, this still being the only thing on her mind. Her Parents couldnt possibly just not let her use the Bathroom, right?

"Well, tough luck. You should have thought of that before you decided to disrespect our House Rules yet again. Unless we allow you to, you wont be pissing anywhere, thats for sure." He said in a Firm Voice. "You need to learn some discipline" Added her mother, in a similar tone. "You just have to hold it in if you have to pee this badly."

Yui was shocked at the words coming out of her Parents mouths. "This is a joke right?" She asked the both of them. "You will see wheter it was a joke in time." Her Father finally said, and with that, both her Parents got up, and left the room.

And Yui, she walked back to her own room and sat down on her Bed, only for her Bladder to remind her how much she had to pee. She felt super uncomfortable, but she still didnt believe her Parents could have possibly meant this as seriously as it sounded. "Theyre probably not gonna keep this up for very long, then they will realise they have to let me pee."

And with this thought, Yui spent her afternoon in a way, to try and distract herself from the desperation.

*001*2023-01-27 22:50

Some time had passed, and it was now around 8 PM. Yui had not left her room since she entered it, after the conversation with her Parents. She wanted to stay stubborn, but ultimately, her Bladder was killing her. She could no longer keep it all inside without pressing her legs together firmly. She had no choice but to go and beg her parents for permission to finally relieve herself.

Carefully, she opened the door to the Livingroom, seeing her Father, once again, lounging on the Sofa. She wiggled her way inside the room, and her dad slightly had to smirk at the sight of her. "May I please use the Restroom? I really don't think that I can hold it much longer until I-" She had to pause, as a wave of sheer desperation hit her, and she squeezed her legs together harder. She looked up at her dad with an awaiting expression, and he took a second to think. "I am going to let you go, but you only get to pee as much as makes managable for you to sleep tonight." As quick as she could, Yui rushed towards the Bathroom, and her dad sat up and stretched. "That is, if your Mother agrees to this as well, let me ask her." Yui's expression dropped from excitement, to slight disappointment. Her Father got up, and went into the Kitchen.

Yui prayed that the both of her Parents were gonna be merciful with her, as she could barely stand anymore, due to her legs shaking so badly. A few minutes later, Her Father came back with a key in hand. Her Eyes lit up. He unlocked the door, and Yui raced inside, pulling her Pants down quickly and sitting down. It took a moment, but sure enough, a stream of warm pee started to trickle down into the toilet bowl, only for her Father to say "Stop." and she cut off the Stream of relief in an instant. She looked at him with a confused expression. "Thats it. Get up." Thats was it?! Yui got up reluctantly and pulled her Pants back up, then flushed the toilet. Her Father locked up the door again behind her, and went back to the livingroom without another word. Yui didnt feel any less desperate at all.

Disappointed, and still in pain from her bulging bladder, she went back to her Room. She got changed into her Pajamas, and every move hurt. I guess now the best she could do was to try and sleep, so she could forget about her desperation over night.

