Procrastination and Traffic

Author: Inactive :(

*000*2016-03-06 08:56

I've been planning this one out over the past couple weeks, as I haven't posted a new story in a while. :3

###

After they had gotten into the car and he proceeded to drive her home, Blake discovered the perfect way to end their night together; driving home Kade whilst having her head on his shoulder, while their songs played through the speakers at a moderate volume. When they stopped at a red light, Blake gently ran his paw down her arm, and kissed her forehead.

They kept rather silent during most of the drive, as it was late at night and they were both a bit sleepy. However, about halfway to Kade's house, Blake started to notice a small urge to pee, which made him a little more aware and awake. A small fidget later, he felt just fine. He soon began to enjoy the feeling a little, which combined with his girlfriend resting on his shoulder and was somewhat turning him on. However, he remained focused on the road.

While at a stop sign, he fidgeted a little more, squeezing his legs together to make sure he was in control of his bladder.

"You alright?" Kade asked, having noticed his movement.

"I'm fine," Blake replied, as he made a left turn onto her road. "I just kinda have to pee a little."

"You can use my bathroom if you'd like," Kade offered.

"It's okay...my house is only twenty minutes away," said Blake. "I can wait until I get home."

After making their way up her gravel driveway, they got out of his car, holding paws all the way up to her door. He looked into her eyes, and told her, "Goodnight."

He saw it in her eyes: she wants a kiss. He leaned in, arms around her waist, and pressed his lips against hers. He could feel his semi-boner starting to press against his jean shorts as their kiss turned into a little more of a make-out session. Without thinking, he moved his arms further down her waist and squeezed her backside.

She pulled away. "Wait...I think we should slow down a little," Kade interrupted.

"Sorry," Blake felt a little embarrassed. They had only been dating for a little more than a month.

"It's fine," said Kade. "I promise."

He gave her a little peck on the lips. "I'll text you when I get home."

"Okay," Kade replied, smiling back at him as she entered her house. Blake walked back to his car, starting it up and beginning his short journey home. Little did he know that this short journey would be longer than he expected.

About halfway to his house, his bladder was starting to fill up faster than he expected when he encountered a long line of cars, none of which were moving. He stopped behind them, hoping to wait it out, and that it wouldn't be too long. Maybe there was an accident up ahead, blocking both lanes of the winding two-lane road.

He squeezed his legs together. If they didn't start moving soon, he was going to be at risk of having his own kind of accident; and judging by the growing pressure on his bladder and the number of refills he'd had in his drink, it was probably going to be a big one. He couldn't ruin the seat; his mother had bought him that car for his birthday a couple months ago.

Ten minutes later, the cars in front of him still hadn't started moving when a wet patch appeared on the front of his shorts. He squeezed himself, trying his best to keep it in, but he could feel himself starting to lose control. Oh, god, no... he spurted hard into his shorts, frantically looking around for something to relieve himself in. Thankfully, he found a 12 ounce Gatorade bottle in the back seat. He reached for it, grasping his crotch the whole time to avoid leaking again. Quickly, he undid his zipper, pulled out his cock, and let loose into the bottle, with the ultimate sigh of relief.

Unfortunately, however, the bottle wasn't big enough. Within fifteen seconds of his relieved state, he had to stop the flow. Come on, stop... he thought to himself, shaking his legs and clenching his bladder muscles as hard as he could. He managed to cut it off just before it was about to overflow, and screwed on the lid. He wasn't completely relieved; in fact, he still had to pee...badly...but having partially emptied his bladder, he felt he could wait a little longer...at least until he'd gotten home.

Almost five minutes later, the line of cars finally started to move. Yes! He proceeded forward, and passed the part of the road that had been blocked. Sure enough, it was a car accident, which was now being taken care of.

His house was only ten minutes away. Ten short minutes. He had to make it. He pressed his legs together, taking the opportunity at every stop sign to squeeze himself. Finally, he turned onto the gravel road that led to his house. The excitement from being a few minutes away from relief caused him to dribble. He gasped, grabbing his crotch, and kept one paw on his cock for the rest of the way home. The pressure was intense; he was dribbling constantly, despite all of his efforts to hold it in. He started to moan.

At last, he pulled onto his driveway. Thankfully, neither of his parents appeared to be home from work yet, as their cars were still there.

When he reached the end of the driveway, he knew he was about to explode. He knew he wouldn't be able to make it inside. He quickly turned off the car and opened the door.

He didn't even have time to undo his shorts. As soon as he stepped out of the car, a wet patch began to grow on his shorts, dripping down his legs and making a puddle on the ground. He didn't have the energy to stop it; instead, he stood there, leaning against the car, having lost the battle.

Soon enough, the stream slowed down and came to a stop. Blake let out a long sigh of relief, and reached into the car to retrieve his keys and phone before heading inside.

The first thing he did was text Kade: "Just got home, 15 minute traffic jam" While waiting for her reply, he stripped off his clothes and put them in the wash before heading for the bathroom to take a shower. Before he got into the shower, she had texted back: "Glad you made it home okay :)"

Sort of, yes... he thought to himself. He texted to her: "I'm getting a shower, be back soon" seconds later, she replied. "Going to bed in a min...good night <3 love you"

Just before getting in the shower, he wrote: "Love you too, baby <3 Night"

After cleaning up, rinsing off and drying his fur with a towel, he went straight to his bed and got under the covers, falling asleep almost immediately.

It had been a very eventful evening.

