Dolores NeverEnding Torture

Author: IzzyWizzy

*000*2022-02-27 02:54

Drip. Drip. Drip.

The girl closed her eyes painfully, a deep, and stretched out sigh escaping her by accident, her gaze floated uncertainly across her ceiling, and she felt her bottom teeth begin to dig into her top lip, one hand covered her left ear, to try and block out the noises, the other draped across her abdomen, lightly dancing across the small bump with a sweeping motion, to try and ease the pain she felt.

She’d needed to pee since midday, and it was now about ten at night, that was a whole eight hours without a single drop.

"This hurts…so bad." The girl found herself whispering to herself, and she wasn’t lying, it was absolute agony, but she didn’t want to come out of her room with all the loud noises of the town, which would only get louder, she could already hear the torturous sounds of other people using the bathroom, and not to mention the sounds of the lake which surrounded her town, she sometimes hated this gift of hers, which felt more like a curse.

"Ugh.." The girl moaned in pain, and she could only be thankful for the fact that she was the only one with super human hearing in the household, her brown curly hair, which was usually held up with a red bandana hung loosely across her shoulders.

Her small hand drifted further, past her abdomen, to the source of the problem, her bladder itself, and she began to massage over it, the pain lifting ever so slightly, yet still beating down on her like the scorching sun, the whole reason she hadn’t been able to pee today was because of her hearing, she wasn’t feeling well, and that meant her hearing was so much worse, everything sounded loud, even her own quiet, whispered voice.

As she began to massage faster, she felt a squirt of golden fluid dampen her pyjamas as she pressed slightly too hard by accident, and she felt her breath hitch in her throat, she felt almost terrified, her bladder was burning and her hands shook something fierce as she pressed both of them to her crotch, she really didn’t want Camilo to have yet another thing to tease her about.

And she was twenty one, how would that conversation with her father or mother, or god forbid Abuela, who seemed to want everyone to be better than they ever would be, go? she definitely wouldn’t understand.

Yet, as bad as her need was, she couldn’t go outside her room, the somewhat soundproof walls were just enough to help her hearing somewhat, but stepping outside would probably cause her to pee her pants out of sheer shock and pain, she’d be too focused on holding her ears than holding her pee.

So that meant holding it, but for how long? She didn’t feel like she could do so forever, she didn’t even feel like she could do so for another ten minutes, her bladder felt like a golf ball, and she was too shy to let anyone know.

She decided maybe pacing around her large room would help, and so, she stood, with some struggle, and began to walk around, yet, that only seemed to make it worse and she felt another warm trickle of pee enter her pyjamas once again, this time longer, which scared her even more.

As she stopped in worry, one of the many strands of her frizzy hair caught her ear, and she couldn’t help but fall on her butt as her legs gave out from the sheer agony.

As much as it seemed to be so small, for someone who can accurately hear an eye twitch, which is practically impossible, a hair strand bashing against their ear would be like a car on car collision.

Yet, that wasn’t the worst part, she hadn’t even recovered from the pain when she felt her bladder have a small episode of loss, and spasm, after a few seconds, the first spurt, one that was powerful and warm, entered her panties, soaking straight through them now, and onto her white pyjamas, which clearly showed the white spot in a gray colour on full display, and as she pulled her muscles in to try and hold, she felt an aching pain before her bladder loosened again, and this time, a much longer spurt started, which turned more into a stream.

By the time she gained control, her whole front of her crotch was a dark gray, and she knew anyone who saw her, would know what had happened, as she stood up, that dull ache in her overfilled bladder was still present and it made her feel sick to the stomach, as she turned on her feet slightly, she noticed how childish she looked in the mirror, her frizzy hair was down, covering the sides of her face and just barely showing the red rosiness of her cheeks, her short stature was almost obvious immediately, and her back was hunched slightly, both of her hands pressed into her bladder, in which brilliantly showcased a dark grey wet patch, she had overdid herself this time.

It started slow, just a small, weak and slow stream, pouring slowly into and through her panties, sinking into her white pyjamas, which had a pink outline on the sides, before, it began to become a complete flood, she felt her knees buckle from the sheer relief and she fell to her knees, her feet creating a blockade which made the pee ride up the bottom of her crotch, and up across her butt, it was humiliating, and degrading, and yet..it felt nice, and that was a thought she couldn’t shake as she felt fresh salty tears roll down her cheeks, the simple act of blinking was painful to her ears, and the slight wince only caused her to push her muscles more, causing an even faster and stronger stream to last for a few seconds before it calmed down again.

Oh, how there were some days she wished she was Isabella, the perfect golden child.

"M-Mom!" She heard someone call out, and realised it was her own voice, she felt so defenceless and vulnerable, as if she needed her mom, she was twenty one!

As if on mothers intuition, her door almost slammed open as pepa ran in, her youngest brother Antonio and her most likely closest cousin, Mirabel, following closely behind, and all she could do was sob as pepa hugged her, not judging her for her mistake, she had been through the exact same thing, what really made her cry, was how her brother walked over and gave her a hug, telling her it was okay.

Thats the first part for Dolores story! i plan for these to be three part stories to build on each individual aspect of the character, I hope everyone liked that!

*003*2022-02-28 01:12

Dolores found her gaze at the ground as she sat at the dinner table, watching her family around her, watching her supposedly long lost tio, Bruno, fill his mouth full of food, everything had felt weird since they had lost their powers, and regained them, but she felt unsure about the accident that had occurred, maybe a few months ago, one that only her parents, her closest cousin, Mirabel, and her two brothers.

"Could you pass the salt?"

The girl asked quietly, her eyes resting on her younger brother, Camilo, whom simply nodded in return, passing her the shaker device.

Things had been different since that day, her illness had took a rest, finally, and she found herself head over heels for a boy she never thought she’d get to date, yet, now was, Mariano.

But back to her embarrassing accident, and the aftermath that had followed it, when she was younger, her powers had caused many struggles of desperation with the need to pee, and it didn’t help hearing everything around you, but after that particularly day, things had simply seemed to change, and they got worse before they got better, yet she had felt so happy when this..curse, had been lifted, until it was replaced back upon her towards their end of fixing Casita, yet it was no longer a curse now, it actually felt like a gift which she could at least somewhat control, and while she could still hear everything, she felt like she had so much more control over it.

After that accident, her mother, Pepa, had decided to look for a solution to her problems, and eventually stumbled upon the idea that perhaps the reason the girl had a weak bladder, was because she had when she was younger too, which was only amplified by her control of the weather.

Dolores couldn’t help but grimace when she thought of that, again, and the struggles her mother had gone through as a teen, just like she had.

"I’m going to head to my room."

The girl said aloud after she had finished her food, and had left there and then, though her cousin, Mirabel, followed her, and one thing had gone to another and soon enough, they found themselves seated on her bed, which was probably the best part about her room, it was so comfy.

"Okay, okay, uh..truth or dare?"

"Truth?"

The young girl whispered, trying to avoid speaking normally so that she wouldn’t hurt her own ears, yet she didn’t expect her cousin’s response, it actually took her sort of off guard.

"Okay, so…what happened to you a few months ago, before the Encanto began to disappear? You…You peed your pants, how did that happen?"

The girl looked stunned, she had expected her cousin to have forgotten about that atrocious event, but clearly, she hadn’t.

"Considering we’re telling the truth…that wasn’t just one time."

The girl whispered quietly, her hands lifting to her head to undo the red knot that kept her hair upright, yet, she had preferred keeping her frizzy hair down when she went to sleep and such, and when she was relaxing, even though it had caused her wetting last time.

Hey guys, sorry it’s such a short chapter, this is just a filler one to lead into the next big chapter as I have the second one written out on my laptop but it broke on me, so i’ve written this out on my phone to try and put at least some work there so you aren’t kept waiting, I’m going to buy a new one tomorrow or Tuesday, though, so then you’ll get a real chapter! I hope everyone is okay!

*005*2022-02-28 01:34

{{2 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Sorry to hear about your laptop, you didn't lose the work you did on the second chapter did you?

I've lost count of how many stories i've heard of fanfic authors having their laptops break on them. I definitely prefer writing on a desktop PC for that reason.

}}

I may have lost some of it, but I backed most of it up on my computer this time, so I didn’t make the same mistake I did with hermoine’s story, but I hope that small update was enough like the previous chapter to keep everyone happy for tonight, if I don’t have a laptop by tomorrow, I’ll try to post a longer filler chapter until I can get my hands on one.

*009*2022-03-03 18:10

{{On 3/2/2022 at 1:50 PM, MillicentOmo said:

I am glad somebody has finally made a high-quality Encanto omorashi fanfiction. I have been searching for weeks and have been unable to find any. Thank you.

}}

It’s my pleasure! I try to be as descriptive and such as I can, if there’s anything else you’d like to see, let me know, I’ll be sure to update this tonight as I got a new laptop now.

