How it feels Peeing in a Bikni

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-09 23:22

Unbuttoning your shirt, multiple feelings swarm your mind like a plague of locus. Excitement, desperation and a little bit of arousal. Your bladder is at least twice it's size, feeling it pressing against your muscles, aching in torment. You insist to yourself that "it'll only be a little longer", feeling your muscles tear apart from the overwhelming flood like a pack of hungry hyenas.

"I have to hold it, I must" you desperately try to convince yourself. But as another wave of agony slams against the muscles of your aching bladder, your mind isn't convinced as a spurt of pee escapes into the comfort of your shorts. Gripping your crotch tightly, tears spring from your eyes as the burning pain grows steadily between your inner thighs.

You welp in agony as the contents of your bladder tries to escape drilling through your strength, but you neglect to notice that someone is watching the show... "Hello cutie" a sexy, female voice calls out to you, grabbing your immediate attention. It's her... Wearing her beautiful blue, tight-fitting bikini and giving you this lewd look. She's walking up to you, slowly, like a tiger sneaking through the jungle. "Smells like someone's bursting" she utters to you in an erotic way.

A bitter grin grows across this girl's face, staring into right into your eyes in an almost sexual matter. "I love it when you get desperate" she avows. Sparks flicker, deep within her eyes as her lips call to you, like an unquenched thrist... Towering over you, her hand makes its way down to your crotch, securing a tight grip on your shorts, like a python's teeth.

Your muscles begin to quiver under her affectionate movements. Feeling the material of your bikini grind against your skin and fold up inside your pussy, causing you to moan in ecstasy. A large flood of your bodily juices escapes, drenching your pants and warming up your body. Her lips seem to move in closer to your face, like a shark, hunting for its prey.

Your lust for her comfort, opening up your lips to receive her kiss. As her lips start to caress yours, you begin to move your hands away from your pants and onto hers, pulling her in closer. Widening your legs, you let the cascade escape. Feeling the warm urine you've held back splash down your pants and flowing into your lover's hand. Vast relief overwhelms you, as the aching deep within your bladder dissipates slowly.

Locked into complete bliss, urine empties from your infinitely relieved body and covers the floor, dripping heavily and echoing throughout the room like a cave. "I love you" manages to escape from your lover's lips, before locking back onto yours. "I know" you respond to her in true affection.

*001*2017-04-09 23:26

Thank you for reading my story, if you could, I would appreciate it greatly if you could give me any constructive criticism you can muster.

This story is about when me and my girlfriend were staying at a resort and I wanted to experience what it was peeing in the pool, so I drank like 3 bottles of water and put on my bikini plus some other clothes so that people couldn't perv at me when I went down.

As I got undressed my girlfriend snuck up on me and felt a bit kinky so the fourth paragraph onward is what happened.

Kindest Regards

[Insert omo]

*002*2017-04-09 23:30

Also, this is the first of two stories I plan to upload today!

So stay tuned for more!

