The Office Without Bathrooms

Author: Isosceles

*000*2023-09-01 15:41

In a small, quiet suburb, there is an office building with something that set it apart from every other one. It intentionally had no bathrooms whatsoever. Now, normally this would go against so many regulations they would be forced to install one before anyone started working there. However, according to those same regulations, or at least the officials paid off to grossly misinterpret them, it would actually be more accurate to say that the entire building is a bathroom. In an effort to get rid of bathroom breaks, company policy allows all employees to “do their business” wherever they please, and provides comprehensive cleaning methods to account for this.

Let’s say you are the newest employee at this company. On your first day, you have already been made aware of this policy. During the interview, it was demonstrated to you by your interviewer pissing themselves on the spot. That was probably to keep candidates who might be opposed to it from causing a scene on their first day. You, however… well I don’t have to tell you how you feel about it. You walk in the front door and are led to a locker room of sorts, where you can change into your uniform. This room is one of the only places you aren’t allowed to make a mess in, as it functions sort of like an airlock. The uniform is a white button-down shirt, a pair of khakis, and dress-style shoes made of a flip-flop material with holes in the bottom all provided by the company. Undergarments are also provided.

After you change into your uniform, your supervisor leads you to your workstation. It looks pretty much like any normal desk, but the chair is made of a waterproof material and no electronics or cables are placed below desk-height. Your supervisor goes over all the necessary details for you to start your work, which includes reiterating on the bathroom policy. Almost as if to emphasize that point, a dark patch starts to form on the crotch of their khakis and trickles down to the floor.

You start to work as you would at any normal company, but eventually you feel the need to pee. You start to get up from your chair before remembering you can just pee where you are, so you do. You relax your bladder as a steady, warm stream dampens your pants and flows onto the seat. You aren’t left sitting in a puddle, however, as channels in the seat cushion redirect the urine towards a drain on the floor. Depending on how hydrated you are, this happens a few more times throughout the day, and perhaps in a few different places. While you’re in an important meeting, you prevent your full bladder from distracting you by peeing yourself right there, as your boss is presenting. Your boss even lets some loose while presenting.

At the end of the day, you go into another locker room and place your soiled clothes into a chute to be cleaned overnight. There are showers here too, so you can clean yourself up. Once you are done showering, a door on the opposite side of the shower opens up into the room you came in through. Here, you put on the clothes you changed out of this morning and exit the front door, no evidence remaining that you soil yourself at work all day.

Once you are gone, the floor of the building is sprayed clean and the chairs are wiped down, ready for the next workday.

————————————————

I came up with this silly little idea and thought I’d share it. My original concept accounts for messing, but I decided not to include it in the story since a lot of people aren’t fans of that.

Would you work in this office? Do you have any specifics of how you think it would work or fun scenarios that could happen here?

