Silk and Satin (Magical Girl Villain Desperation)

Author: Impressa

*000*2018-06-26 20:48

This is a short thing inspired by the aesthetics of Magical Girl villains - all gothy dresses, leather-esque outfits and high heels. A plan to make people panic by taking the bathrooms away backfires...

"The surface worlders do so hate getting lost, especially when they have places they... need to be."

Pictures of office workers running for trains, of students trying to get to class and of queues and confusion filled bubbles around the reclining figures.

"Well of course, Satin." One unfolded herself, glossy black-stockinged legs uncrossing lazily. "Don't we all?"

"It is rather harder to get lost if you are as powerful as we." The other smoothed her skirt and flicked the bubbles away with a crystal wand. "But I think if we... took advantage of this... the Stars would not be able to deal with it. Yes, that shall be the nightmare they-" One of the bubbles was stubbornly refusing to be banished. A harangued woman in a suit dragging a stricken-looking girl in the direction of a bathroom sign. "I think this may be very entertaining, Silk."

###

"CASTLE LAND: GRAND OPENING TODAY"

Unsurprisingly, the queues for the new theme park hit a good hour or so out. The sun beat down on lines of cars, and gradually they filtered towards the car park.

"They're lost already, lost in this... hell... of their own devising." Mirror Witch Silk watched from where she lay dangling over the edge of a cloud, and threw back her head in a peal of mocking laughter. At this stage, no disguise was necessary. She wore a slight, shiny black top under a three-quarter length coat with red ribbon and fur trim, tight-fitting shorts and thigh-high black stockings with red garters. Capped off with, of course, red stiletto heels. "I'm sure those cars are just full of awful, awful negative waves. It's going to be delicious."

"And we haven't even released our little friend yet." Satin wore a slinky, frilled black dress, opera gloves and knee-high boots. "Oh to be a fly on the wall..."

"You know, we could head down there. It's not like the Stars will find us once they're all lost in our nightmare maze."

The sun rose higher on its way to noon. The traffic jams showed no signs of abating. And, when things reached their height, Silk tapped her wand twice on the map sign near the shady table she and Satin had taken at the cafe, and waited for the mayhem to begin.

###

It barely took any time at all. Paths didn't lead where people expected, doors wouldn't open, and signs just flat gave up. Angry queues formed at the help desks - people incensed at having queued for a ride and being told it wasn't the one they had a ticket for, lost visitors wondering where this, that or the other was and - as the minutes turned into hours - a growing number of people looking (with varying levels of urgency) for a bathroom.

Silk watched as a girl dashed away from her boyfriend, hands clasped between her legs, and frantically tried all the doors in the cafe. The one tantalisingly marked with a women's sign refused to open. Sighing in desperation, she grabbed his hand and dragged him at high speed towards the nearest park map. They struck off down a path that, thanks to a moment of inspired evil from Satin, led them straight into the fountain avenue. The two witches watched the girl's face freeze at the sudden wall of flowing water, and Satin laughed.

And yet even as the park was descending into chaos, the Stars were yet to show themselves. The witches did not know it, but this was - purely coincidentally - because their bus was stuck in traffic.

"This is working better than expected, Silk. Who would have thought merely making it harder for the surface worlders to find a bathroom would bring such a bounty of negative waves?"

Silk suddenly froze. A horrible, horrible despair had formed in her chest like a lead weight. Pressing, rather heavily, on her bladder. As they had watched the mayhem unfold, they had enjoyed more than a few iced drinks without really giving thought to the inevitable end point. "S-S-Satin..."

"Yes Silk?"

"So, you said we were... not so easily lost... as surface-worlders?"

"Silk?"

"Satin... I... think we may not have thought this through."

Silk did not need to explain why. Satin's face creased pensively, and then her legs started fidgeting.

"All I have to do is undo the spell. I cast it on that sign-"

The sign had vanished. Of course it had. The spell made it hard to find things.

"Think about this Satin. Think VERY HARD about how we are going to get out of this."

"I'm fine. I don't need to go. Do you?"

"Go where?" Silk's laugh was nervous. "I mean, I definitely don't need to go to the bathroom. I'm a grown woman, I can hold it. I mean, I don't need to hold it right now, but if I did I'd be able to."

"Yes. It's quite absurd to think that we, the two greatest lieutenants of the Dark Mirror, would EVER be in a position where we'd do anything as stupid as let ourselves be stuck out needing the bathroom." Satin fanned herself with a menu and tried very hard to hide the fact her legs were tightly crossed. Neither was convinced by the other's lie.

"I'll... I need to... powder my nose. That's right." Trying to force the pressure down below from her mind, Silk got up and took delicate, nervous steps towards the cafe building. "You look for that sign, Satin." She made it only a few steps before a wave of desperation hit, and she sprinted - not at all easy in high heels - for the door.

The LOCKED door.

The very locked door she had just seen another woman try and fail to open.

Swearing under her breath in a way that did not suit a noble lieutenant of the Dark Mirror she began tracing a magic circle on the lock, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, her free hand squeezed tightly between her legs. No luck.

"I'm sorry miss, but the bathrooms are out of order at the moment. We've been having trouble with the lock."

"Ah, it's OK. I hopethey'refixedsoongottogonow" Silk ran back outside. "SATIN THIS IS AN EMERGENCY."

"TELL ME ABOUT IT." The elegantly gowned lieutenant was biting her lip and trying to jam a heel into her crotch.

"Well all we have to do is just-"

"Try and find where the bathrooms are now. THEN find the sign."

###

They found - after what seemed like endless agonised running in wholly impractical shoes - the ladies' room. Or rather, they found the queue of dozens of panicked women, screaming children and angry parents. Or rather, they tried to cut into the queue near the door of the small toilet building, and got unceremoniously encouraged to the queue's end.

"I'm sure it won't take long, Silk." Satin did not have much conviction, her voice cracking under the strain. It rather felt like a small ocean was pent up inside her trying very hard to get out.

Twenty minutes passed. Twenty minutes in the baking sun, during which time at least two parents had to take children at their limit behind a hedge. And they still seemed to be no nearer relief. Satin was squirming in place, pushing her dress tightly against herself, face a mask of fury. Silk, wearing significantly less and significantly tighter clothing, had absolutely no recourse save iron self-control that was rapidly corroding.

"Um, excuse me ladies? I know it's hard for all of us but my daughter is very desperate, we were stuck in traffic and I promised her we'd go straight to the washrooms once we arrived."

Silk wanted very much to tell the young woman what she thought of that idea. The urge was like a knife. Instead she found herself letting the woman and girl past and then cursing.

Twenty more minutes. The girl they had let pass lost control not long afterwards and was led away in tears. By now, Silk could think of nothing but hopefully imminent relief. Visions of white-tiled cubicles, of-

They rounded the hedge and found themselves staring straight at a fountain.

It was too much for Silk. She was completely unsure what to do. Relief was near, but impossibly distant. Water was close and loud and eating away at the needle-thin barrier between her dignity and a flood. There was nowhere discreet to go (for the likely places were by now a constant sub-queue of women realising that endurance was impossible.

"S-S-S-S-Satin I-"

"SHUT UP SILK. DO NOT MENTION IT DO NOT THINK ABOUT IT DO NOT-"

Silk took some solace in the fact she out-held her fellow lieutenant. By only about thirty seconds, but nevertheless...

She dashed, feeling the dam begin to burst, for something, anything to hide her as Satin was stranded aghast in the queue in a growing warm puddle. The comforting gap between a coach and a car seemed enough cover as she clawed at her hotpants, trying to unfasten them. The first spots of wetness were forming on her shorts, the first rivulets running down towards her garters as she finally mastered the zipper.

"Is that? No, it-"

She had not noticed the coach door open. She DID, however, notice Star Bloom, her arch-nemesis, standing fully transformed seeing her quite literally with her pants down. And then seeing Satin trying to wring her soaked dress out.

"We thought this traffic was your doing, Silk and Satin! And it turns out it was!"

"CAN. THIS. PLEASE. WAIT?"

