The Merchant's Wife

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2018-09-26 05:33

Kumiko didn’t know exactly how long she had been tied to the wooden post since her abductors put her there, but it was long enough to induce an urgent need to urinate. She was already terrified about what might happen to her and the ropes pulled tightly across her body and arms (which were also tied behind the post at her wrists) hurt, but her greatest concern at the moment was her full bladder.

She did, however, know how she got here. Her husband was a moderately wealthy merchant who owed gangsters a lot of money, and she was walking home just several hours before when suddenly she was grabbed by four men and dragged her into a nearby alley, one putting his mouth over her hand before she could scream while another tied her hands behind her back. Then she was gagged and put in a storage compartment and taken to the house they were at now. Kumiko wasn’t sure where exactly it was, but looking at the cellar she was in, it was a good guess that it was still in the Nihonbashi business district (gangsters and merchants could sometimes be one and the same). She wondered how long she would be in this position. Even in the unlikely event that her husband had contacted the local police, they were made up of samurai who normally considered the merchant class parasites, so any case involving merchants would be of low priority for them.

Just then, the cellar door slid open and two people stepped down. It was one of the lackeys who abducted her and the head gangster’s lover, who was young and attractive, but also had a mean countenance and wore a gaudy print kimono. Kumiko herself was still a rather attractive woman at 33.

“The boss said we need to check on the woman,” she heard the lackey saying. When they walked toward her, the mean-looking gangster’s girl laughed and said, “What does the rich lady have to say?” and pulled down her gag. Kumiko’s need to urinate was now extremely urgent and she decided to ask her captors to take care of it.

“I need to use the place of relief. Could you please untie me?” She was seated in a kneeling position while tied up and her legs were noticeably squeezed together underneath the kimono.

The girl cackled maliciously and the lackey chuckled with her. “So the rich lady needs to piss, does she?” she said. “Well, that’s just too bad! You’re not going anywhere until your husband pays us.”

“Please, it’s really an emergency…” The rest of Kumiko’s plea was muffled by the gag being put back in her mouth. They both laughed a little again.

“Come on, let’s go back upstairs,” the lackey said.

“Hey, I’ve got an idea,” the mean girl exclaimed. “Let’s invite the lady to the party!” Then they both ran upstairs and about a minute later, the lackey came back down into the cellar with another dull-looking lackey and they untied her from the post (her hands were still bound behind her) and dragged her upstairs. Her bladder was screaming at her now.

Upstairs, Kumiko could see that there was a party going on in the i-ma, and more. Three couples were openly making love. A drunken homely woman was plucking a samisen and singing, doing both poorly. Empty sake bottles were strewn about on the tatami. But she mostly noticed the tattooed, middle-aged oyabun sitting in the middle of it all looking seemingly detached. He then looked over at Kumiko and flashed a devious grin.

“How nice of you to join us”, he said humorously. “Kobun, let our guest speak.”

The dullard kobun took off her gag again. She had only one thing to say:

“Please untie me, I really need to make water!” she pleaded, close to tears. Her desperation was so great now that she forgot her formality. She was standing in front of them with her hands still bound behind her and legs were trembling.

Almost everyone else in the room laughed at her plea. The oyabun just smiled. “You can make water right now if you wish”, he replied. His girlfriend cackled. “But we’re not letting you go until your deadbeat husband pays up.”

Kumiko couldn’t believe he just suggested that she wet her kimono! “PLEASE, I…” The gag was put back on.

“Tie her to the pillar over there,” the oyabun ordered. “I’m going to bed now.” Then he retired upstairs, leaving Kumiko to the mercy of his underlings, his cruel woman, and his guests. She was tied to another wooden post in a standing position, in tremendous pain from her need to urinate.

“Let’s see if she pisses herself”, the mean girl said suddenly. Then she, the four other women and dumb kobun kneeled in front of Kumiko.

“Aw, what’s the matter? Do you need to go bad?” she teased.

And for the next two hours, Kumiko struggled with all her might to keep from wetting herself while the cruel women, the kobun and other guests watched as if it were a bunraku show. She squirmed against the ropes, shifted from foot to foot and squeezed her legs and thighs together and perspired heavily. With her wrists bound behind her, there was no way she could put them in her crotch in an attempt to relieve some of the agony like she desired to.

Finally, she couldn’t hold it any longer and let out a muffled cry as her swollen bladder let go. Urine poured down her legs and splashed onto the wooden floor below, forming a puddle that also ran onto the tatami. It also left a wet patch on the lower front of her silk blossom-print kimono and a larger patch of wetness in the back that urine both streamed and dripped from. Kumiko’s face turn red from humiliation and she began to sob, tears streaming down her cheeks. The oyabun’s woman laughed, danced around and clapped her hands with delight at the sight of this. The others just stared in stunned amazement, the kobun getting an obvious erection underneath his kimono.

As Kumiko sunk to the floor as much as the ropes allowed and sobbed, she hoped her bakka husband would pay up soon.

