The New Relationship

Author: Imabedwetter

*000*2023-05-09 16:33

Andrew and Amanda had been dating for about a month now and things were going really good. Both of them were extremely happy as this was the best relationship either of them had in a long time. It was Friday night and they were planning on going out drinking since it was Amanda's 21st birthday. Andrew had just turned 21 the month before. He was also a bit nervous because Amanda had asked him to stay over her apartment tonight as well. He told her he would think about it as they got off of the phone last night.

Since the relationship was fairly new, he wasn't sure how to talk to Amanda about his little nighttime problem. He wasn't sure how to tell his girlfriend that he still wets the bed pretty often. He kept thinking and thinking but still couldn't come up with enough courage to tell her that he was still a bedwetter, something he dealt with his entire life. Even more embarrassing is the fact that he still peed in his pants sometimes during the day too. Luckily he never had an accident in front of Amanda. Luckily his daytime accidents were not as frequent as his bedwetting accidents. He kept thinking about how to tell her about his bladder problems as he was finishing up his work. It was almost 5:00 and he was ready to get this Friday started.

Amanda had taken the day off of work for her birthday and she spent the day cleaning up her apartment. She was anticipating Andrew staying the night, or at least she was hoping that he would. She continued to clean the kitchen when all of a sudden she had a bladder spasm and leaked a little bit into her panties. She ran to the bathroom but she was peeing full force by the time she got there, pee running down her legs and soaking her pajama pants and socks.

"Damn, I didn't make it in time," she mumbled, staring at the puddle of pee on the bathroom floor. Her panty liner couldn't hold a full accident. Amanda got undressed, put her wet clothes in the hamper, tossed the wet panty liner in the trash and then cleaned thr floor. She jumped in the shower and started to get ready since Andrew was getting off work soon. As she showered her thoughts ran wild too. She was wondering how to tell Andrew about her bladder problems. Her bladder was extremely overactive and she had accidents sometimes. She was a chronic bedwetter as a kid and she still wet the bed sometimes too. She wondered if Andrew would notice the mattress protector that was on her bed.

Once Andrew clocked out he left work and headed home. Once he was there he finished packing his bag just in case he did decide to stay at Amanda's place. He made sure to pack extra clothes, including extra underwear, just in case. He also packed two pairs of pajamas and he packed a few pairs of his overnight pull-ups in the other compartment of his bag. He wasn't sure if he would have the courage to wear a pull-up diaper to bed with his new girlfriend. He thought maybe he would just stay awake all night so there would be no risk of having an accident. As he was thinking and zipping up his bag his phone rang. He answered it, "Hey babe. I was just finishing up getting ready. I'm about to leave and head over. Once I get to your place we can get a taxi to the bar. See you soon," he said as he hung up the phone. He grabbed his bag and headed out the door.

*002*2023-05-11 12:11

When Andrew pulled up Amanda was sitting outside her apartment on her patio. She came running up to his car as he parked. He got out and said, "Happy Birthday Babe!!" They kissed and hugged each other. Amanda saw his bag in the front seat and started jumping up and down saying, "I'm so glad you decided to stay over tonight!" Andrew replied, "yeah, I am excited too," as he reluctantly grabbed his bag, thinking to himself he probably should've put it in the trunk. They both went inside and Amanda showed him where to put his bag in her bedroom. Andrew called the taxi so they could get the celebration started.

Andrew and Amanda had a great time at the bar. The drinks were flowing and she was really enjoying her 21st birthday. Andrew made sure to use the bathroom as much as he could just in case. He surely didn't want to accidentally pee in his pants at the bar. Amanda was doing the same too, but she had a few close calls because of the lines going into the ladies bathrooms. She ended up having to change out her panty liners twice but luckily was able to get the rest of her pee in toilet each time. Once last call came Andrew called for a taxi and they headed back to Amanda's place.

When they arrived back at her apartment they were both extremely tipsy. They both got changed into their pajamas and hopped into bed. Both of them forgot to pee before going to bed, probably because they were both a bit drunk. They kissed each other and they both quickly fell asleep.

Around 6:00 AM the sun started peeking into the bedroom and Andrew started to slowly open his eyes. As he was slowly opening his eyes he started to realize two things. One was that he was absolutely soaked and the other was that Amanda's bedroom smelled like pee. His thoughts were racing like crazy. How could he let himself fall asleep last night. He was mortified because he wet his girlfriend's bed. All of a sudden Amanda started stirring like she was starting to wake up. Andrew quickly closed his eyes and pretended to still be sleeping, although he couldn't pretend to sleep for too long because even though he had peed the bed in his sleep he really had to pee and he wasn't sure how long he could hold it.

Amanda slowly opened her eyes and looked over at Andrew, his eyes were closed. Amanda started to panic because she had wet the bed for the first time in six months and her boyfriend was sleeping next to her. She also had to pee really bad too. Little did she know that there was a matching wet spot on the bed underneath Andrew. Both of them just pretended to be asleep for a while, contemplating their next moves. Someone would have to make a move soon because they both needed to pee quite badly.

*004*2023-05-12 00:11

Thank you for the kind comments. I'm currently working on the next part now.

*005*2023-05-12 02:51

Andrew and Amanda continued to lay there and both of them were still pretending to be asleep. Andrew grabbed his crotch through his wet pajamas, squeezing himself under the covers, trying not to pee himself. Amanda was also trying not to fidget, but her need was getting worse. She squeezed her legs together tightly under the covers. She felt as if she was about to lose control any second. Andrew opened his eyes and looked over at Amanda and their eyes met because she had opened her eyes at the same time.

"Good morning babe," he said to her. She responded, "Good morning," as a tear rolled down her cheek. She then started crying and blurted out, "I'm so sorry Andrew, I wet the bed last night." He started caressing her hair and then he said, "Babe, I think it was me who had the accident. We can get up and clean the bed." Andrew slowly pulled the blankets off of them. They slowly got up, both standing there in their wet pajamas staring at the bed. There were two separate wet spots on the bed. Andrew looked at Amanda and said, "Babe, I think we both peed in the bed last night. I uh hope it didn't ruin your mattress." Amanda chuckled a little and said, "It's ok because I have a waterproof mattress protector on the bed." She started to blush as she realized what she just said.

All of sudden Amanda felt a squirt of pee soak into her undies. She screeched and quickly hopped onto the wet bed. Andrew wasn't sure what was happening until he heard a loud hissing sound and that's when he realized Amanda was peeing in her pajama pants. "I'm peeing," was the only words that Amanda could get out at the moment. The sound of her peeing was too much for his tired bladder. All he could say was, "Oh no!" as he looked down. Pee was pouring down his legs and forming a puddle on the wood floor. They just stared at each other as they both uncontrollably peed themselves.

*007*2023-05-12 11:48

Andrew was standing there staring at Amanda as the last few drips of pee hit his feet. He was still shocked about everything that had just happened. Amanda just sat on the bed sitting in her new wet spot staring back at Andrew. He finally broke the silence and said, "Well since we both wet the bed last night and we both just peed in our pants, I guess we should talk about a few things." Andrew proceeded to sit down in the wet bed next to Amanda and put his arm around her.

"This is a little bit embarrassing but I've gotta get it all out there," he said. "Amanda, I'm a bedwetter, I always have been. I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner, I just didn't know how to bring it up. I also still pee in my pants sometimes." He blushed as he kept talking. "I've had these problems all my life and I didn't know how to tell you since our relationship was new and going so well." Andrew paused for a minute and then he asked, "Why do you have a mattress protector on your bed?" Amanda started blushing now. She looked at Andrew and said, "Well, I have an overactive bladder and I pee in my pants a lot, but I also do wet my bed from time to time. In fact, I was a chronic bedwetter until I was 16 and even though it's not every night now, it still happens from time to time." Andrew nodded and said, "It's ok, I've never had a bed without a mattress protector!"

The two of them kept talking about their bladder problems. They were both relieved, it was like a big weight was lifted off both of their shoulders. Finally Andrew said, "Maybe we should get cleaned up, would you like to take a shower with me?" Amanda looked at him and said, "That sounds like an excellent idea!"

They both stood up. Andrew took his shirt off and used it to wipe the pee off of the floor. They both started to take their wet pajamas off and threw them on the bed. They were both standing there in wet underwear. They each slowly slid their wet undies off and tossed them on the bed and they both headed to the bathroom. "We better hurry up and get in the shower before I pee on the floor," Amanda joked. They both laughed as Andrew turned the water on. Once the water was warm they both got into the shower.

*009*2023-05-13 15:18

Andrew and Amanda enjoyed their time in the shower. They were kissing and hugging each other and enjoying the feeling of the warm water hitting their bodies. Andrew soaped up the wash cloth and started to wash Amanda's body. They took turns washing each others bodies. Andrew didn't even realize it but at one point he started peeing and it was hitting Amanda's foot. They looked at each other as he was peeing and he said, "Sorry babe, I'm peeing!".

She giggles and grabbed him quickly, swinging his stream around like a garden hose until he stopped peeing. She then grabbed his hand and put it in between her legs and she started to pee. "It's ok, I pee in the shower all the time too, the warm water makes me go. I can't help it!" He caressed her inner thighs as her pee poured down her legs. Once the yellow pee was done going down the drain they continued to clean each other up. Once they were rinsed off Andrew cut off the water and they both got out of the shower. They both dried off and got dressed. Andrew then helped Amanda strip the bed and they put the wet sheets and clothes into the wash.

Amanda had put some coffee on and they both sat down for breakfast. Andrew normally didn't drink coffee because of his bladder, but he gladly accepted it today. They talked more over breakfast and they both agreed to clean the other up and help the other should one of them have an accident. The fact that they both had bladder problems brought them even closer together.

Once they were finished with breakfast, they cleared the dishes and Amanda asked Andrew to stay over again tonight. He happily agreed and said, "that sounds great but I'll need to go home and get more clothes and underwear." She replied, "That's cool. I can go with you to get them and you can grab your swim trunks too. It's warm today, I think we should spend the day at the pool!" Andrew agreed. "Sounds like a plan," he added, knowing how nice the pool was at her apartment complex. "One more thing I have to ask though. I did pack some pull-ups for my bedwetting, did you want me to wear them to bed?" he asked. "That's totally up to you, but it's not necessary because I have a mattress protector and I'm obviously no stranger to being soaked in pee," she laughed. He laughed along with her.

Amanda and Andrew got in his car and headed to his place to get more things for tonight's stay at her place.

*010*2023-05-14 16:15

Once they arrived at Andrew's place they went directly to his bedroom and he placed his overnight bag on his bed. There was a soft crinkle of the mattress protector as he placed his bag down. He opened up the small compartment and removed the pull-ups and said, "I'm just gonna leave these here and we can just deal with wet sheets if an accident happens." Amanda just smiled and nodded her head. He opened his drawers and started grabbing clothes, pajamas and underwear to pack. Amanda then said, "You should probably pack extra pajamas and lots of underwear, just in case!" Andrew agreed and did just that. He packed five pairs of underwear just to be on the safe side. He also packed his swim trunks and a beach towel. "Ok, all set," he said as he zipped up his bag.

They hopped back in the car and headed back to Amanda's place. Once they were there they went inside and started getting ready for the pool. Andrew put on his red and blue swim trunks and Amanda was now sporting a pink one-piece bathing suit. She then went to the kitchen to fill a cooler with snacks and drinks. Andrew grabbed the cooler and Amanda grabbed the towels and sunscreen and they headed out the door.

It was still early so they were able to pick the best lounge chairs by the pool. They seemed to be the first ones there. They sat down, put sunscreen on and then each of them had a drink before they both went in the pool. The water felt great. Andrew and Amanda started swimming around and they both went under water to get their hair wet. They started to make their way back to the other side of the pool to get another drink when Andrew stopped dead in his tracks and looked down. A cloud of yellow was forming around his swim trunks in the water.

"Oh no, I just peed in the pool," he said. Amanda quickly went up and hugged him to try and hide the yellow cloud in the water. She could feel the warmth against her body as he peed. "It's ok, everybody pees in the pool," she said. She then wrapped her legs around him under the water and that's when he felt warmth against his body. "See, I just peed in the pool too, now we're even," she chuckled. She kissed him and then they swam over to get their drinks.

They continued to swim until the afternoon. They continued to enjoy their drinks and snacks. It was a great day for the pool. Both Amanda and Andrew peed in the pool several more times throughout the day. Since they were both very hydrated their pee was clear so nobody could even tell they were peeing in the water. They were sure they weren't the only ones doing it because nobody in the crowded pool got out to use the bathroom the whole time they were there.

Once they were done at the pool they got out and dried off. They went back to Amanda's apartment to get cleaned up. Once they were showered and dressed they talked for a little bit and decided to go to the county fair and out to dinner after that.

*012*2023-05-15 01:40

{{4 hours ago, j2319 said:

Great story. Love how you built up the embarrassment of each having bedwetting and bladder issues and not knowing how to tell the other and then the two wet spots on the bed and relief from their worries and their bladders again. Nice work.

}}

Thank you!!!!!

*013*2023-05-15 08:15

Andrew and Amanda were looking forward to going to the county fair. Andrew was wearing black jeans and a green polo shirt and Amanda was wearing a white shirt and a black skirt. They headed out the door to go to the fair.

Once they arrived they went to the concession stand and Andrew bought a bag of kettle corn and two of the largest beers that they sell. They walked around for a while muching on the snack and sipping their beer. Andrew then stopped at a ball toss game and after a few tries he won Amanda a large stuffed teddy bear. He then went to another stand and purchased some ride tickets for both of them. They continued to walk around and finished the kettle corn. The salt made them thirsty so Andrew bought two more large beers and they each started sipping on them. They both quickly finished their beers and went to look for some rides.

After some searching they both decided to get on the ferris wheel so they could get some amazing views of the sunset. They got in line and it moved pretty quickly. He handed the attendant the tickets and they both got into the ferris wheel car. The attendant closed and locked the door behind them. The ride started slowly moving up, stopping every so often as they loaded and unloaded other cars. They were almost up to the top and the views were amazing. Andrew and Amanda were holding hands and taking in the sights. As they approached the top the ferris wheel came to an abrupt stop. They both looked at each other and wondered what had happened. Andrew looked at Amanda and asked, "I wonder what that was?" She replied, "I don't know, but it didn't sound good!"

They continued to stay in the same spot for a while. The ride wasn't moving at all. After about 10 minutes of being stationary they heard an announcement, "Sorry folks, we are having some technical difficulties with the ferris wheel. Technicians are on their way to get it repaired. Thank you for your patience." Amanda and Andrew both looked at each other with a little bit of worry in their eyes. They had both drank two extra large beers and neither of them went to the bathroom before they got on the ride. The beer was running through their systems and their bladders were filling up pretty quickly. Amanda also realized that she had forgotten to put on a panty liner, although that wouldn't help her if she had a full bladder accident anyway. The sun was almost gone now and Amanda was starting to fidget a little bit.

Another 15 minutes had gone by and Amanda couldn't sit still. Andrew was starting to get a little uncomfortable too. The ferris wheel still hadn't moved. Amanda looked over at Andrew and said, "I have to pee really bad." She squeezed her legs together and grabbed Andrew's hand squeezing it tightly. "It's ok babe, we will hopefully start moving soon," he tried to assure her. Amanda rested her head on Andrew's shoulder and she continued to bounce her legs up and down.

"I think I see some of the technicians arriving," he told Amanda. She just nodded her head and whimpered a little. A spurt of pee warmed her panties followed by a larger spurt. "Oh no, Andrew, I'm leaking," she cried. He was now rubbing her back and trying to comfort her. Each spurt of pee got longer and she kept trying to stop each one until she couldn't anymore. Andrew heard a loud hissing sound as she lost control. Pee pooled in the seat until is started to pour off making a splattering sound as it splashed onto the metal floor of the ferris wheel car. Once her stream died down she was sitting in a puddle of pee, her panties and the back of her skirt were soaked and even the one side of Andrew's pants had gotten a little wet. "I'm so sorry Andrew, I peed in my pants," she said. He just hugged her and said, "It's ok babe, once we start moving we will go back to your place and I'll help get you cleaned up."

The ferris wheel made a loud bang and finally started to lurch forward. They both looked at each other and were happy that it was finally fixed. Andrew then said, "Once we get down there I've got to find a bathroom before we go. You can run to the car while I find one." She just nodded. The ride kept starting and stopping as they let people off until their car reached the bottom. The attendant opened the door and they got out, Amanda looking away and not trying to make eye contact with anyone.

They held hands as they quickly walked. Andrew started to leak as soon as he stood up. Amanda ran to the car and Andrew tried to find a toilet. He was almost to the portable toilets when he couldn't hold it anymore. He was uncontrollably peeing in his pants. He quickly turned around and ran to the car. When he got there Amanda was sitting in the car on a towel. He grabbed another towel from the trunk and put it on the drivers seat. "I didn't make it in time," he told her, "Let's get back to your place and get cleaned up." They drove off in their wet pants.

*015*2023-05-16 11:58

Andrew and Amanda drove off, both in wet pants and both sitting on towels in the car. You could say the day at the fair didn't go exactly as they had planned. Andrew reached over and held Amanda's hand as he drove. "I can't believe I peed in my pants at the fair," she said. "It wasn't your fault that the ride broke down," he replied, "and your talking to your boyfriend who peed in his pants too. Let's just get back to your place and get cleaned up then we can figure out what we're going to do for dinner."

As he continued to drive he realized that he had to pee again. Without even thinking he just went ahead and did it in his pants. Not sure if Amanda noticed he said, "You're not going to believe this but I just peed again." She chuckled and said, "It's ok, your pants are already wet anyway. I might have to do the same thing if we don't get home soon!"

They got out of the car once they pulled up to Amanda's apartment. They both took the towels and wiped the dampness off of the leather seats in his car and then headed inside. Andrew took the towels and placed them in the laundry basket and they both headed to the bathroom. Amanda started the shower and they started undressing each other. He took her shirt and skirt off and then he lowered her underwear down her legs. They were white panties with pink hearts on them. He noticed how wet and yellow the crotch area of her undies had gotten. She pulled her bra off and then started to undress Andrew. He took his shoes off and they were wet inside. His socks were soaked too. "Looks like we'll have to dry your shoes out," she said to him. She then pulled his wet jeans off and then his grey boxer briefs, which were soaked from front to back. Once they were both undressed they got into the shower.

Once they were in the shower they brought their bodies close to one another and wrapped their arms around each other. With the warm water splashing on them they started passionately kissing. As they were kissing and fondling they looked each other in the eyes. Without saying a word they took turns peeing on each other as they kissed, both playing with the warm streams of pee as they rubbed each other. Once they were done enjoying themselves they started to clean each other up. They got out of the shower and they both dried off.

Once they were dried off Amanda looked at Andrew and said, "I think we should just put our pajamas on and order dinner in. I have a bottle of wine in the kitchen to go with dinner." Andrew nodded and agreed as they both slipped on their undies and their pajamas. Amanda was starting to have some thoughts about what they were going to do tonight and they were some kind of naughty thoughts, something that she never really thought about before. It was kind of making her hot. Once they were dressed she kissed Andrew and they went to the kitchen to check out the take-out menus.

*016*2023-05-17 17:24

Amanda and Andrew looked over the take-out menus and they decided on Italian food. Andrew placed the order for delivery and Amanda poured two glasses of wine. They sat down and started drinking their wine. While they were waiting for the food they started talking about their bladder problems. They enjoyed the freedom of being able to speak to each other about the subject. Nether of them had ever been in a serious relationship where they could freely discuss these types of things. They then asked each other about their most embarrassing accidents. Andrew said his was one time when he wet his sleeping bag at a sleepover and hers was the time that she peed in her pants at school. Just as they were finishing their conversation the doorbell rang. Andrew got up and answered the door, it was the food.

Andrew brought the food to the kitchen and started to unpack it. He set out all of the food and Amanda poured more wine for both of them. They sat down and started to eat. They were still having interesting conversations while they were eating. Andrew could sense that Amanda had something on her mind so he asked her, "Whatcha thinking about babe?"

She blushed a little and then mustered up the courage to ask, "Have you ever peed yourself on purpose?" Andrew thought about it for a moment and then he replied, "Well, I guess so, I mean I've peed in my bed on purpose before because I didn't want to get up, but the bed was already wet when I woke up. Does that count?" She nodded. He then asked, "What about you?" She blushed again and answered, "I peed in my pants one time while I was playing a video game because I didn't want to get up. I definitely could have made it to the bathroom but I just went in my pants anyway."

They both continued the conversation as they finished up dinner. Both were starting to get a little turned on by the conversation. Amanda poured more wine for both of them. Andrew helped her clean up the kitchen when she said, "I've got an idea, why don't we watch a movie while we finish this wine and we can do something a little naughty. From this point on the bathroom will be off limits for the rest of the night. We can see who ends up peeing in their pants first." Andrew was intrigued and he responded, " Sounds like a plan, let's do it."

They moved into the living room. Andrew brought the wine glasses and the bottle. Amanda went down the hall and returned with some towels. She place two towels on the floor so they each had one to sit on. They sat next to each other and turned the television on. They picked a movie and continued to drink the wine. Both of their bladders were filling up pretty quickly. Normally Amanda would start squeezing her legs together or grabbing her crotch but she decided not to even try and stop it if she started peeing herself. Andrew knew the wine would probably make him pee soon too. He always had a problem stopping it from coming out once he started peeing, especially when he's been drinking. Amanda made sure that the wine glasses remained full. In fact she finished the bottle filling both glasses one more time. They were both feeling quite the buzz.

At this point they weren't even really paying much attention to the movie. Their wine glasses were almost empty at this point when Amanda started to pee in her pajama pants. Andrew looked over and said, "Looks like someone is a naughty girl!" She chuckled and grabbed Andrew's hand and placed it on her crotch so that he could feel the warm pee flowing out of her pants. The wet spot was growing on the towel that was beneath her. Andrew then grabbed her hand and placed it on his pajama pants and just started to pee. He didn't even try to stop it. When she felt his pants getting wet she leaned over and started kissing him. They were kissing each other as they both wet themselves.

They were rubbing each others now wet pajama pants and moaning in exctacy. It was the most erotic experience either of them had ever felt. They each reached inside of one another's wet pants and undies and simultaneously pleasured each other. It was absolutely amazing and both of them thoroughly enjoyed it, but that is where they stopped because they weren't sure if they were ready to have sex yet so early in their relationship. They both stood up and looked at both of their soaking wet towels.

The removed their peed in pajamas and took everything to the laundry basket then they headed to the bedroom to go to sleep. Luckily they had remade the bed earlier and didn't have to worry about it now. They both decided to just sleep naked tonight and they didn't even bother cleaning up after peeing themselves because they were almost certain to both wet the bed tonight. They kissed passionately again and said goodnight to each other. They quickly fell asleep in each other's arms with their legs wrapped around one another, they're skin still damp from peeing in their pants.

*017*2023-05-19 02:15

About an hour after Amanda and Andrew fell asleep, Andrew started to pee the bed in his sleep. Since they were sleeping naked and they were snuggling, his pee was hitting Amanda's body and then pooling on the bed before it slowly soaked into the quilted waterproof mattress protector. Even though his pee was hitting her body, she continued to sleep through it. They were both in a pretty deep sleep. About thirty minutes later Amanda peed the bed in her sleep adding to the wet spot on the bed. They both continued to sleep as the pee soaked into the mattress protector, spreading and making a large wet spot on the bed. They were both thoroughly soaked now. They continued to stay in their deep slumber and they both ended up peeing the bed again a few hours later.

Around 8:00 AM both Amanda and Andrew started to wake up. As they opened their eyes they both realized two things, one was that they were soaking wet almost from their necks all the way down to their feet and that they both had to pee pretty badly. Andrew kissed Amanda and said, "I guess we both peed the bed a few times last night and I have to pee really bad right now."

She chuckled and replied, "Yeah, this bed is really soaked and I have to pee too! I think we should just do it here since the bed is already wet." Andrew just nodded his head, kissed Amanda again and then they faced each other. They got close to each other and held their bodies close to one another. Andrew reached around and grabbed her butt and she did the same to him. As they were getting into position Amanda was already starting to leak. It didn't take long before both of them were forcefully peeing in the bed, warm pee splashing against their bodies. They both moaned in pleasure and relief. The sound of the pee was loud and a large puddle of pee was forming around their bodies.

"Mmm, so warm," she moaned. Andrew moaned softly too. "That was really naughty," Andrew laughed as he kissed her again. They laid there for a while caressing each others wet bodies until the pee soaked bed started to cool.

"I guess we should go get cleaned up," she said. He nodded again. They both got out of bed, pee still dripping off of their bodies. They both looked at the bed and it was soaked, even one of the pillows had gotten wet. Andrew started to strip the wet bed, rolling everything in a ball and bringing it to the laundry basket. They then went to the bathroom to take a shower. Once they washed and dried off they went to the kitchen. Amanda put a pot of coffee on while Andrew placed the wet things in the washing machine.

Amanda and Andrew sat at the table and enjoyed their coffee while they contemplated what they wanted to do today. After some small talk they decided that they would go to the mall to do some shopping, get some lunch and go to the movie theater. They finished their coffee and then headed back to the bedroom to finish getting ready.

Once they were ready they headed out the door and got into the car. Both Andrew and Amanda had chosen to wear black pants which would help hide any accidents that might occur while they were out. Andrew drove until they arrived at the mall.

Once they arrived they walked around the mall browsing a store here and a store there. Amanda stopped at a kiosk and bought a new pair of ear buds for her cell phone. Andrew looked around at a few stores but didn't end up buying anything yet. They even walked through the large pharmacy that was in the mall and stumbled upon the the diaper aisle. Amanda jokingly said, "Those diapers would look cute on you." Andrew chuckled and pointed to some pink diapers and said, "those would be kinda cute on you." Amanda blushed a little and said, "We might have to come back here later."

They grabbed a quick bite to eat in the food court and then they headed over to the movie theater. They picked a movie and Andrew bought the tickets. Then they went to the concession stand and Amanda said, "Let's get two large Cokes and a Large popcorn." He looked at her and asked, "Are you sure that's a good idea?" She just nodded and said, "It'll be fine." Andrew carried the drinks and Amanda carried the popcorn as they went to find the seats. They sat down and both started drinking their soda and eating popcorn. The previews started and they watched them as they were waiting for the movie to start.

*018*2023-05-23 19:25

The previews hadn't even finished and Amanda had already finished her Coke while Andrew had drank only half of his. As they were munching on the popcorn she asked him, "Andrew could you go get me a refill on my Coke before the movie starts?" Andrew nodded and took both cups to the machines since the theater offered free refills. He returned just in time for the movie to start. They continued to eat and drink as they were watching the movie. Once they finished the popcorn they decided to hold hands. They could still drink their Cokes with their other hands.

Halfway through the movie Andrew could start to feel his bladder filling up. Amanda's bladder was filling up even faster since she had drank more Coke than Andrew. She knew that she had to pee but she didn't want to miss any of the movie. At one point she let go of Andrew's hand to grab her crotch. Andrew looked over and whispered, "Are you ok?" She just nodded and said, "I think so." She then took Andrew's hand and placed it in her crotch. She winked and he knew immediately that he was trying to help her so that she didn't have an accident. Every once in a while she would bounce her leg up and down. With about 15 minutes left in the movie she was determined to wait until the movie was over to go to the bathroom. Andrew continued to hold her crotch and she now had her hand over his.

At one point Andrew felt Amanda squeeze her legs together around his hand. He felt his hand get a little warm for a second. She whispered in his ear, "Babe, I just leaked a little." He responded, "There's only about 10 minutes left, do think you can wait?" She just nodded and they continued to watch the movie. She leaked a few more times as they watched the movie and Andrew could feel his hand get a little wet each time she leaked. She was determined to make it to the end of the movie. It was almost to the end when all of a sudden she had a severe bladder spasm.

She started leaking badly and when she tried to stop it she couldn't. Her pee was just coming out no matter what she did. She squeezed her legs together and and Andrew felt warm pee soaking into her black jeans and gushing all over his hand. Her pee was soaking into the movie theater seat and some was even pouring off of the seat and splashing onto the floor. She leaned over and whispered, "Andrew I just had an accident." He just nodded and said, "It's ok babe." Her pants and the seat were absolutely soaked now.

The movie ended and the credits were rolling. They just sat there and waited for the credits to end. The lights in the theater started to turn on and people were starting to get up and leave. Andrew looked at Amanda and said, "I think we should just sit here for a few minutes until everyone leaves then I'll walk behind you to try and hide the wet spot." She kissed him and thanked him. Once they got up she asked him how bad it was. He looked and said, "The back of your pants are soaked. Even though you wore black jeans you can still tell that you peed in your pants. I'm going to walk behind you as a shield." She kissed him again.

Once they got outside they started heading to the car. Luckily it was dark outside so not too many people would see her wet pants. They were almost to the car when Andrew realized how bad he had to pee now. When they got to the car Andrew opened the door and put a towel down on the passenger seat for Amanda to sit on. He then said, "Babe, I'm gonna go back inside to go to the bathroom, I have to pee pretty bad now." He started the car and shut the door and headed back to the movie theater. When he got to the door he pulled on it but it wouldn't open. That's when he realized that they were closed for the night.

Andrew headed back to the car and started to worry a little bit. He thought about trying to find a tree or something to pee at, but there were people all over the place in and around the parking lot. He went to the trunk and grabbed another towel to put on his seat. He got in the car and sat on the towel. "The theater is closed. I hope I can make it home in time," he said to her. She replied, "At least you have a towel to sit on just in case." Andrew continued to drive and his need to pee was growing. "I don't know if I can make it back to your place without peeing in my pants." he said to her. Amanda grabbed his crotch with her hand and squeezed him a little to help him hold it while he drove. All of a sudden he hit a large pothole and he immediately started peeing when that happened. Amanda felt her hand getting wet as he peed in his pants, pee soaking into the towel below him. "Amanda, I'm peeing and I can't stop it!" She replied, "It's ok babe."

He finally pulled in front of Amanda's apartment and they got out. They wiped down the leather seats with dry parts of the towels and then they headed inside. They both headed to the bathroom and started to get undressed. Amanda started the shower and they both got in and started to clean each others bodies.

*019*2023-05-25 15:46

Once Amanda and Andrew were cleaned up they got out of the shower and helped dry each other off. Andrew put all of the wet clothes into the laundry basket and they both got dressed. Amanda then asked Andrew if he wanted to stay over her place again. Both of them had to work the next day since it was Monday. "I would love to babe but I have to be to work early tomorrow morning," he told her. They both had a great time and couldn't believe that the weekend was over already. Andrew then suggested that Amanda stay over his place next weekend and she quickly agreed. Andrew packed his bag and headed for the door. Amanda told him that she would wash all of the peed in clothes from today. They kissed each other passionately and he headed out the door.

Once Andrew got home he unpacked his bag and got ready for bed. He got into bed and was thinking about how great the weekend had been. Amanda was back at her place thinking the same thoughts. They were both relieved now that they knew about each others bladder problems and that they could count on each other when accidents happened. Andrew fell asleep pretty fast because he had to be up early. Amanda got ready for bed but it took her a bit longer to fall asleep because she was already missing Andrew sleeping next to her.

Andrew's alarm clock went off at 5:00 AM and as soon as he rolled over to shut it off he knew that he had wet the bed. "Man, I really got to start wearing my overnight underwear again," he thought to himself. He got out of bed and turned on the light. There was a rather large wet spot on his bed and both his pajama pants and the bottom part of his pajama shirt were very wet. He went into the bathroom and started to strip. Once he was undressed he then pulled off his white underwear which were soaked and now had a yellow tinge to them. He threw his wet pajamas and undies into the laundry basket and hopped in the shower. Once he washed all of the pee off of his body he got out, dried off and brushed his teeth. He then got dressed and headed out the door to go to work. He would have to clean his sheets when he got home later.

Once he got to work he had his early morning meeting and the rest of the day was pretty uneventful. Around 9:00 AM he received a text from Amanda asking how he was doing and also letting him know that she really missed him last night. He text her back and said that he missed her too. He also let her know that he wet his bed last night and that he should probably start wearing pull-ups to bed again. She replied saying she wished she could've been there to help him clean up. She luckily had woken up dry. They finished their text messages and Andrew got back to his work.

After lunch Andrew got back to work and decided to do some filing and a few more spreadsheets on his computer. Andrew was just shutting his computer down and was ready to clock out for the day when his cell phone rang. It was Amanda, he quickly answered it saying, "Hey babe, how was your day?" As she responded he could tell by her voice that she was clearly upset. "I'm at the grocery store on Main Street. I really need your help. I stopped her to get a few things and I just peed in my pants. Can you head this way?" she asked. Andrew told her he would be there shortly as he was just leaving work. He clocked out and headed to his car.

Ten minutes later he arrived at the store. She had told Andrew that she was in the family bathroom. He knocked on the door and she slowly opened it. When he looked inside he saw Amanda standing there, her khaki pants soaked all the way down to her shoes and a large puddle of pee on the tile floor. She handed him her car keys and asked, "Can you please go to my car and get my bag of spare clothes out of the trunk?" Once he returned he shut and locked the door. He put her bag on the counter and started to undo her belt.

She had already taken her shoes off and he could see that even her socks were soaked. He pulled her pants down revealing her purple panties which were clearly wet and noticeably darker in the crotch area. Once she was naked he took out some wet wipes and started to wipe the pee off of her body. He then took some paper towels and cleaned the puddle up while she got dressed. She then put some flip flops on and put her wet clothes into a plastic bag she kept just in case of accidents. She hugged and kissed Andrew and thanked him for coming to help her. "Anytime babe," he replied. "I know that you would do the same for me," he added. They walked out of the bathroom and that's when Andrew noticed a small trail of pee leading to the door. He went back in and got another paper towel to clean that up and then they headed out of the store.

Andrew walked Amanda back to her car and he placed her things back into the trunk. He kissed and hugged her tightly and said, "I can't wait until this weekend!" She responded, "Me too, it seems so far away." They kissed again and Andrew shut her door. Once she drove off he headed to his car and went home. He couldn't help but think about Amanda standing in her wet pants and the look of her wet undies and how he was kind of getting turned on as he cleaned her up with the wipes. In fact he thought Amanda was enjoying it too since she softly moaned as he cleaned her private parts with the wet wipes.

Once he got home he had dinner then he called Amanda. They talked on the phone for about an hour and then he watched some television. He then went to get ready for bed and he made sure that he wore a pull-up. He stripped the wet sheets off and made the bed with clean sheets and a clean mattress protector. He put the wet bedding into the wash and headed back to his bedroom. He quickly fell asleep with a smile on his face thinking about Amanda and her wet pants.

*020*2023-05-29 21:37

Andrew woke up refreshed. Even though his bed was dry he was pretty sure that his pull-up was wet. Once he stood up he could feel the pull-up sagging in between his legs and he knew he had peed in his sleep again. He waddled to the bathroom and removed his pajama pants revealing a very wet pull-up. He then pulled his pajama shirt off and really looked at the pull-up. It was more yellow than white and the blue wetness indicator was blurred away. As he tore the sides of the pull-up it fell and plopped on the bathroom floor because it was so heavy. He picked it up off of the floor and rolled it up. He tossed it in the trash and started the shower. He got into the shower and started to wash up. He was thinking about Amanda while he was in the shower. He really couldn't wait until Friday night.

Amanda was still sleeping and she was dreaming that her and Andrew were swimming in the pool. At one point in her dream they both peed in the pool. She then suddenly woke up and realized that it was a dream and also realized that she was peeing in her bed. She couldn't stop it from coming out. A loud hissing sound filled the room as she uncontrollably peed herself in bed. She was warm and soaked as her stream slowed to a stop. Amanda laid in her wet bed for a while until it started to get cold. She then got up and headed to the bathroom. She started the shower and started stripping her wet pajamas off. She then took off her soaking wet pink panties and jumped in the shower. Just like Andrew she was thinking about Friday night while she showered.

They both continued to get ready for their work day and they were texting with each other before they both had to go to work. Amanda explained her dream and bedwetting accident to Andrew and he told her about waking up with his wet pull-up. They finished up their text conversation and went on with their day.

The rest of the week went slowly for both Andrew and Amanda as they were both anticipating Friday night. Each work day dragged on as they slowly approached the end of the work week. By the time Friday arrived they were both ready for a great weekend. In fact Amanda already had her bag packed before she left for work on Friday morning. She had packed many extra pairs of clothes, pajamas, socks and tons of extra underwear just in case.

Friday night had finally arrived and both Andrew and Amanda had just finished work. Andrew went home to tidy up. He set out a bottle of wine and put candles in his bedroom which he would light later. He then waited for Amanda to arrive. Amanda went to her apartment after work, freshened up and grabbed her bag. She then left and headed to Andrew's place.

Andrew jumped up when the doorbell rang. He quickly answered the door and let Amanda in. He showed her to the bedroom so she could put her bag in there. "Ooh, candles and wine, we are gonna have fun tonight," Amanda said with a smile on her face. She put her bag down and they both hugged and kissed each other. Andrew cracked open the bottle of wine and poured two glasses. He handed one to Amanda. Andrew already had to pee. Amanda also had to pee because she hadn't gone before she left work. Andrew lit the candles as they continued to drink their wine. They both knew that tonight was the night that they were going to have sex. They kept drinking their wine and Andrew kept filling the glasses.

At one point they both put their wine glasses down and stared into each others eyes. Standing at the foot of the bed they started undressing each other. They were going back and forth removing their clothes starting with each others shirts. They kept undressing and kissing and fondling each other until they were standing there facing each other in their underwear. Andrew slowly removed Amanda's bra and they both got onto his bed.

Andrew was wearing grey boxer briefs and Amanda was wearing light blue panties. They started making out heavily as they brought their bodies close together. They both then started peeing in their underwear at the same time, each of them moaning as the warm fluids soaked both of them and the bed. They kept kissing and rubbing each other through their wet undies. They then removed the wet undies and made sweet passionate love to each other in the wet bed. Once they were finished they collapsed into each others arms and snuggled in the wet bed not even realizing that they didn't even have dinner yet. They were both in a completely euphoric state as they laid there in the wet bed. They both felt as if they were in heaven.

*022*2023-06-06 18:18

Amanda and Andrew continued to snuggle in the wet bed. They were both extremely satisfied and continued to feel like they were in heaven. At one point Andrew pulled the blankets over both of them as they continued to cuddle. He blew the candles out and even though they didn't eat dinner they both eventually fell asleep in each other's arms. They probably were going to both pee in the bed because of the wine which didn't matter because the bed was already wet anyway. They both had fallen into a deep slumber.

By the time 3:00 AM had rolled around Amanda and Andrew had already both peed themselves while they were sleeping, not even waking while their bladders emptied themselves into the bed. They continued to sleep until about 7:00 AM. The sun started to peak through the curtains into Andrew's bedroom and Amanda started to wake up first. Even though the bed was wet she had to pee pretty bad. She was still snuggling with Andrew and she thought he looked so cute while he was sleeping. She really didn't want to wake him up but she knew that she couldn't hold it much longer. All of a sudden she felt her leg getting warm and wet. At first she thought she had started peeing but then she realized it was Andrew that was having an accident while he slept. Since Andrew was wetting the bed she just gave up holding it and started to pee too. Once their streams slowed down she closed her eyes and rested a bit more.

Around 8:30 AM both Amanda and Andrew started to wake up. He kissed her and said, "Good morning!" She responded and kissed him back. He then said, "This bed is really soaked." She nodded and replied, "Yup, I think we both had some accidents last night. You accidentally peed in your sleep around 7:30 this morning so I just peed in the bed again too since it was already wet." Andrew smiled and said, "That's so cute and besides, that's what mattress protectors are for!" Amanda just giggled.

They both got out of bed and started to help each other strip the wet bedding. Even the blanket was soaking wet. "I wonder how many times we each peed ourselves throughout the night?" Amanda asked. Andrew just shrugged his shoulders and said, "A bunch of times based on how wet everything is." Once the bed was stripped they put everything into the wash and headed to the bathroom to get cleaned up.

Andrew started the shower and they both got in and started washing each others bodies. Once they were done they got out and dried off. Andrew put some white underwear on with a t-shirt and blue soccer shorts. Amanda put on some gray panties with ice cream cones on them and a tank top and white denim shorts. She didn't put a bra on since they hadn't planned on going anywhere yet. They headed to the kitchen and Andrew brewed some coffee.

Once the coffee was done Andrew poured two cups and they both sat at the kitchen table. While they were drinking their coffee they got into a long conversation about their bladder problems and what it was like growing up with these problems. Andrew also told Amanda that his sister had issues growing up too, mostly during the day but he also knew that she had wet her bed a few times growing up. He wasn't sure if his sister still had problems now because it was something that usually doesn't just come up in conversation. Amanda was an only child but she knew her cousin Bobby was a bedwetter at least until he was 15 or so.

They then talked about their most embarrassing accident. Andrew told her the story about the time he woke up in a soaking wet sleeping bag at boy scout camp. He couldn't remember how old he was but he had peed in his sleep so many times that his Goodnites pull-up had leaked and he had soaked his sleeping bag. His camp counselor had to help clean his sleeping bag. It was pretty embarrassing but he was lucky enough to be in a tent with another bedwetter. Amanda blushed and said her most embarrassing accident was when she peed in her pants at school in the fifth grade. She said she thought she could wait until recess but had misjudged and had an accident. The pee soaked her pants, ran off her desk chair and made a puddle on the floor. Everyone had seen her have an accident. She had to go to the nurses office and her mom was called to bring her clean clothes. They continued their conversation until they finished their coffee.

Once they finished their coffee Andrew washed the cups and put them in the drain board. They then moved to the living room and sat on the couch. They kept going back and forth trying to decide what they were going to do today. Andrew said, "It's Saturday, there must be something fun that we could do." Amanda pulled out her phone and started searching to see if there were any events scheduled for today. Andrew looked over her shoulder as she searched. He put her arm around her as they sat on the couch together.

Since it was still early they decided that they were going to go out to breakfast. They were both hungry since they had fallen asleep without eating dinner the night before. Amanda went and put her bra on and they both put some socks and shoes on. They then packed a bag with extra clothes, socks and underwear. They both packed three pairs of underwear each just in case. Amanda also packed four pairs of pull-ups, wipes and large zip lock bags. "Since we can both fit in these pull-ups I packed two each in case we end up going somewhere that doesn't have bathrooms." Andrew nodded and thought that was a great idea. "We can decide what we're going to do today over breakfast," he said. Andrew grabbed the bag and they both headed out the door to go to the restaurant. He put the bag in the trunk, they got into the car and they drove off holding each others hands.

