An Indian Omorashi Saga

Author: IndianOmo

*000*2023-09-16 23:18

This is a series of chapters, my first attempt at writing. The storyline is set in India. The characters are purely hypothetical but the desperation scenarios are inspired from real life incidents or stories. The content focuses on female wetting / desperation / peeing, but will occasionally also contain male desperation / peeing. I do not plan to touch upon poop / messing scenarios, and if I ever do, there will be a clear warning at the top. Almost all chapters will contain indirect or direct references to some sexual acts, although that isn’t the main focus.

Dialogs, although rare, may be in Hinglish - a mix of Hindi and English, but will be translated to English in brackets.

I would love to get feedback to see if readers find this interesting. I have written a few chapters and have even more scenarios in mind, and would definitely like to pen them down if this forms an interesting read.

Chapter 1: The Beginning

(This chapter is a bit long since it introduces the characters and set-up for the first time, the others will be more to-the-point 🙂 )

Golu was quite excited for the next adventure his life was bringing to him.

Golu was single, 25y old and was so far staying with a male friend from college in Bangalore. But his friend had decided to pursue an MBA and was hence leaving the house. Golu loved his current house - it was close to work, close to a couple of pubs he liked, close to where some of his other friends stayed, and had good sports amenities that he regularly used. But the rent was too high for him to stay alone. He was therefore bummed at the prospect of leaving the place.

However, as luck would have it, his friend Tanvi happened to be shifting in to Bangalore, and was looking for a place to stay. Her future office was near his house, although away from his office. All her friends had already rented accommodation, and so, when Golu offered, she thought it over for a couple of days and eventually said yes. Golu was thrilled - Tanvi was not only a good friend who he had a lot of fun with, but he had also fancied her towards the end of school and always thought she was cute. At 25, She was fair skinned, about 5’8 and very fit with curves at the right places. She had become hotter than he remembered - he noticed how she had perky breasts and grabb-able hips but a very toned waist.

Tanvi had been anxious while making the decision - it wasn’t that common in India for boys and girls to stay together in a rented flat, but it was picking up. She trusted Golu - they had been friends since school, and had fancied the 6 foot handsome boy with his good sense of humour from a distance, but never thought much of it. She had briefly dated someone in college but currently was single and found comfort in living with a known friend.

The house was a regular butterfly formation 2 bedroom - with the lobby (dining and living area) and kitchen in the center, with 1 bedroom on each side. Golu had the bigger room with an attached bathroom. Tanvi’s room had an attached bathroom which also opened into the lobby, but they kept that door closed, so it was practically her private bathroom.

When she shifted in, he explained the regular household things to her, and while talking he did admit that he wasn’t good at running the house (e.g. managing groceries, or the maid, cook etc.) He did, however, mention that he was fairly regular at laundry and offered to take that up for her too if she wanted, in return for her looking at other aspects. She thought it over for a day and accepted - she didn’t like doing laundry anyway.

In the first week he took her out to a couple of pubs just to show her around. It was there that he noticed that she seemed to frequent the ladies room a lot, almost double than he did (and he considered himself to be someone who needed the bathroom quite often). He specially noticed that beer seemed to run right through her, and that quite piqued his interest - he felt a tingling a couple of times in his pants but ignored further thoughts along that train.

In the third instance they decided to go to a nearby pub which was a 15 min walk. Golu wore a tshirt with jeans and Tanvi wore a black and red casual dress. They ordered a couple of beers as they caught up on life over about a couple of hours - during which they both visited the restroom once. As they were leaving the pub, Tanvi considered using the restroom but decided against it - she didn’t like using public restrooms and they were anyway headed home.

As they made their way home, Tanvi felt her urge to pee increase - the second beer was making its way fast to her bladder. Although she kept her sphincter muscles tightly shut, she was able to walk casually - it wasn’t that bad yet.

Their house was on the first floor and they had to use the stairs. As they approached the gate of the house, Tanvi felt a spasm with a sudden urge to pee, and stopped talking and walking for a second to hold it in.

“Kya hua? (What happened?)”, Golu asked, genuinely confused. “Kuch nahi (Nothing)”, said Tanvi, trying to sound casual, as she resumed walking towards the stairs, the pressure a bit under control now.

As they reached the top of the stairs, Golu fumbled around in his pocket for the keys - usually he opened the door even though she had a key - but it just took him a couple of seconds longer to un-entangle his hankerchief. In that moment, Tanvi suddenly felt another strong spasm, with her pee pressing against her urethra. In an automatic reaction, she crossed her legs tightly while waiting for the door to open, letting her thighs press against her urethra and relieve some of the pressure.

Golu noticed this just as he was opening the door, and felt his cock bulge up in his underwear. In a bid to hide it, he turned away from her, opened the door and entered. She entered behind him and rushed to her room and into her bathroom. “Ooooooooh” she let out as she entered her bathroom and turned around to lock the door. Golu heard this clearly, through the lobby door of her bathroom and felt his cock further stiffen. He himself needed to pee, but decided to wait just for another minute.

The pressure in Tanvi’s bladder had increased as soon as she saw the bathroom. As Tanvi locked the door and turned towards the toilet, she felt the strongest spasm yet, with her pee almost at the end of her urethra. She jammed her right hand against her pussy to hold her pee and lifted the lid with her left hand. As she turned around, lifted her dress, she removed her right hand and with both hands took off her light blue panties. In that moment, a tiny spurt of pee escaped her pussy into her panties before those were out of the way. Even before she could sit, pee blasted out of her urethra, initially hitting straight into the water and then against the porcelain as she sat and straightened up.The jet blast lasted for 12-13 seconds before it slowed down to a normal flow. She continued peeing for another 30 seconds and breathed a sigh of relief.

Outside, Golu heard the loud sound against the water as well as the porcelain. His cock was now throbbing. The sound of her peeing with such force had excited his cock too much. He then went to his bathroom and, almost without an option, jerked off before he peed.

He couldn’t believe it - how amazing was the first week already?

The next morning Golu lay in bed remembering the last night’s events and lightly touched himself. He still felt overwhelmed - this was the first time he had witnessed desperation (although mild) in person. Previously, he had only watched videos - a lot of them, JAVs and others, on desperation and pee accidents. But last night he had seen such a pretty and cute girl cross her legs in front of him - for the first time. He had only assumed in that moment that it was because she wanted to pee because she had crossed them so suddenly and tightly, but it was later confirmed when she almost literally ran to her bathroom. And then, to top it all, he had heard her pee with such a force. He imagined her taking off her panties, her pee escaping her pussy, and felt ecstasy in his mind.

The only thing that would’ve made it even better would’ve been if she hadn’t made it - if a bit of pee had leaked into her panties. It was a pity that she had made it to the toilet on time.

Or had she?

That day was laundry day, and she had already given him all the clothes and left for work. As he began putting the clothes in the washing machine, he also handled all her bras and panties. The very fact that he was holding Tanvi’s panties in his hand made his cock stiffen up tightly. As he lifted the last panty out of the laundry basket - this one was light blue, he felt a slight dampness. As he held it wide in his hands, he saw it clearly - there was a small but clear area where it was darker blue, and it was damp. His heartbeat raced through the roof. So she had had a minor accident after all?

Golu admired that thought for sometime, his mind playing out details of how that panty got wet. He then put the panties back into the machine, started the washing machine cycle and went to the privacy of his room.

*006*2023-09-21 18:51

Thank you all for the feedback and suggestions! I've written a few chapters already but I'll try to use the suggestions in the episodes I pen down going forward 🙂

Chapter 2: The Acknowledgement

The next month was relatively uneventful in terms of Golu’s omorashi fantasies. He hadn’t found any interesting observations while putting laundry, nor had he witnessed any desperation himself. Outside of omorashi, though, he had developed a strong crush on Tanvi. Apart from being physically attractive, she was sweet, sensible and they were having a great time together. Tanvi had also developed a crush on him - she was feeling very comfortable and having a fun time too, although none of them had said anything to each other.

There were a 3-4 instances when Tanvi had come home and headed straight for the restroom, but that wasn’t that unusual and Golu himself also did that at times, so he didn’t think much of it.

On one fine Friday evening, Golu was home alone, playing video games. Tanvi was out at an office party, and he grabbed the opportunity of having the TV to himself, for playing.

Tanvi had a beer and 2 drinks at the party, and had already visited the restroom twice. She had worn a green dress to this party. As all her colleagues started leaving, a colleague (Adi) who stayed near her house offered her a ride home. She gratefully accepted, not wanting to go through the problem of booking a cab and going home alone late at night. She wanted to use the restroom once more, but saw a queue in front of the ladies room and didn’t want to keep Adi waiting, so she left with him right away.

It was a 30 min ride back home, and halfway through the ride, Tanvi started feeling the pressure in her bladder rising to uncomfortable levels. She crossed her legs casually in the car, but internally kept her sphincter tightly shut. As they neared her house, she felt a couple of spasms as her pee tried to make its way into her urethra, but she was able to keep things under control. When she got off the car, she kept her legs closely pressed together while she politely waved goodbye to Adi. Once Adi’s car sped away, she tightly crossed her legs, just to give her tired sphincter some relief. Then, she started climbing the stairs. With each step, as some gap opened between her legs, she felt pee starting to enter her urethra, and it pressed harder and harder against her pee hole. A couple of times she jammed her hand under her dress against her pussy, but kept it brief because the stairs were visible from the road.

She rang the bell before she even reached the top step - hoping that Golu would open the door quickly. As she reached the top step and stopped to wait, a tiny spurt of pee escaped her pussy. Alarmed, she crossed her legs and jammed her thighs against her urethra. She rang the bell again in desperation. She stood like that for another 5-6 seconds, which seemed like eternity, and despairingly rang the bell a third time. She couldn’t believe this was happening - she had to pee so badly, and Golu wasn’t opening the door. She had even leaked in her panties! Just then, Golu opened the door - it had taken him only 10 seconds to pause the game and come to the door, but she had already rung the bell 3 times. When he saw it was her, he was surprised.

In an annoyed tone, he asked: “Kya hua? Thoda to ruko bell baja ke? (What happened? Wait a little after ringing the bell?)”

She rushed past him while replying to him: “Sorry Golu… susu aa rahi hai (Sorry Golu… I have to pee)” and dashed into her room. Golu froze - it was the first time she had explicitly acknowledged her need to pee in front of him. He didn’t know how to react, but found that very arousing.

Inside her room, Tanvi threw her wallet on the bed and ran to the bathroom. As soon as she saw the toilet, a sharp jet of pee spurted out of her urethra, this time lasting almost a second. “Ahhhh” she exclaimed, taken by surprise by the force of the pee. She jammed her right hand under her dress against her pussy, and used her left hand to turn around and bolt the door. As she hobbled towards the toilet, she felt a third spurt of pee escape into her panties, even with her hand pressing on her pussy. Her bladder had reached its limit.

As she turned around and took off her panties, pee started coming out uncontrollably. It spurted in her panties as she got them out of the way, then blasted out on the seat, before she could position herself so it went inside the toilet. It hit the porcelain and water so hard that a few drops bounced back and hit her thighs. She continued peeing for 40 seconds, mostly with full force. When her stream finally died, she wiped herself and the seat. She inspected the damage on her yellow panties - the entire crotch area from her butt-hole to the front of her pussy was completely wet. Seeing no hope in trying to dry them, She discarded the panties in the laundry and wore her shorts directly, deciding to go commando for the rest of the evening.

Outside, Golu was still stunned - he had not only once again heard Tanvi jolt to the bathroom, gasp and piss loudly, but she had now been explicit about her need. Somehow hearing the words directly from her aroused him even more.

The next morning Golu was more curious than ever to find out if Tanvi had had an accident - after all she had mentioned her desperation explicitly and he had heard her pee so loudly. Once Tanvi left for work, he started working on the laundry. There were 3 panties; The first one was a yellow one and even before he held it apart, he could feel wetness. As he held it apart, his cock throbbed inside his underwear as he saw the damage - there was such a large area which was still soaked! His mind went into ecstasy - he was seeing Tanvi’s pee which had accidentally spurted out of her pussy while she couldn’t make it to the toilet in time! He once again went straight to his room after starting the washing machine cycle.

Little did he know what the future was about to bring…

*008*2023-09-28 19:32

Chapter 3: The Road Trip, part 1

Things between Golu and Tanvi took a turn for good over the next 1 month - A dinner outing turned romantic and after coming home they ended up kissing. From there, they had started kissing and cuddling at times, although they were otherwise taking things slow. He had felt her breasts up a couple of times, but hadn’t touched them inside her clothes, and nothing sexual had happened otherwise. Both of them were too scared of moving fast, since anything unpleasant would make things very weird for them as flatmates.

Since Golu had a car, they decided it would be a good idea to do a roadtrip - Bangalore had a lot of tourist-y places at 5-6 hours driving distance and Tanvi hadn’t seen any of them. They set out on a Friday morning, but Golu had a condition - since he would be driving for the long drive, he requested Tanvi to not sleep on the passenger seat, since that would make it difficult for him to stay awake.

Tanvi had decided to wear a crop top and a knee length skirt. To help keep her awake, Tanvi took a coffee to-go as they started, to help her stay awake, and started sipping it as they made their way out of the city. She had asked Golu about rest stops in advance, and knew that they would be stopping in 90 mins for the first one, so she wasn’t worried.

As they approached the edge of the city, they ran into a nasty traffic jam - they were almost stationary for 15 mins before they started moving slowly. When they finally got out of the traffic jam, they were 30 mins behind schedule. The coffee had started making its way to Tanvi’s bladder, although she wasn’t in a bad shape yet.

After another 30 mins had passed, Tanvi’s bladder was giving her strong signs that she needed the restroom soon. She was usually more cautious on roadtrips since she couldn’t afford to wet herself at all - there would be no easy change of clothes or options to clean up. So, even though she felt shy bringing up the topic, she asked Golu: “Kitna time hai abhi stop mein? (How much time until we stop?)”

Golu, who himself was starting to feel a bit of pressure to pee, said that they were just about to take the exit off the highway. This brought relief to Tanvi, and she relaxed for a bit - they were close. They exited the highway within the next minute, but the rest stop turned out to be another 10 mins drive after the exit. To make things worse, the road had a lot of speed bumps. With each speed bump, as the car went over those, Tanvi felt stronger waves of pressure as the pee threatened to enter her urethra. She sat in full concentration, shutting her sphincter muscle tight.

Finally, they arrived at the stop - Golu, sensing Tanvi’s need to pee, dropped her off near the restroom and went off to park the car. The rest stop was almost completely empty, with only 1 other car parked - probably belonging to the family that was having food in the restaurant. The restrooms were just at the end of the corridor after turning right, he told her, and said he also needed to use them, so he would meet her in the restaurant after they were both done.

It took a couple of minutes for Golu to park the car and walk towards the restroom, and as he made it to the end of the corridor and turned right towards the restrooms, he was puzzled to find Tanvi standing there, her legs tense and glued together, hands clasped tightly into a fist, with an anxious look. Walking towards the men’s room, he gave her a puzzled look, to which she replied: “Ladies room locked hai, kuch maintenance chal rahi hai (The ladies room is locked, there’s some maintenance work going on)”. She continued “mujhe thodi zor se susu aa rahi hai, toh I don’t think hum kahin aur ja sakte hain, main kya karu? (I have to pee a bit badly, so I don’t think we can go anywhere else, what do I do?)”.

Although Golu felt his cock stiffen up immediately as she uttered those words, he tried to ignore that and had an idea. Indicating to her to wait for a second, he ran inside the men’s room. He came back outside and said “Maine check kar liya, andar koi nahi hai, tum isko hi use kar lo? (I checked, there’s no one inside, why don’t you use this?)”.

Seeing no option, she replied “Haan theek hai, but tum bhi andar chal ke wait kar lo, koi aaya toh tum sambhaal lena (Yes ok, but please come inside and wait, in case someone comes you can handle the situation)”. He agreed and they started walking inside. The layout had the wash-basins in the beginning, the urinals next, and the stalls were at the end after turning left, out of sight.

As Tanvi started walking inside the men’s room, she could feel the pee starting to enter her urethra, her sphincter giving way. She walked with her legs pressed as close together as she could. However, as she was crossing the urinals, her mind gave her a signal that the opportunity to pee was very close, and she felt a strong spasm of pee trying to come out of her urethra. She immediately paused and crossed her legs, using her thighs to keep her pee hole shut and stop the pee from escaping. “Mmmh” she let out. She was embarrassed about the position she was in, but she didn’t care - keeping herself dry was the most important.

Golu, who was walking 4 steps behind her, found his cock had stiffened so much that the bulge was easily visible and he had no way to hide it - the only good thing was she wasn’t looking behind.

After a couple of seconds, she regained some composure, with the pressure ebbing very slightly, and continued walking towards the stalls. They finally reached the end of the urinals and took a left towards the stalls. Now, they weren’t visible from the urinals section and they couldn’t see it either. As she walked to the door of the stall, they heard someone running into the men’s room. The person, having no idea that anyone else was around, ran to the urinal, and unzipped his pants. Tanvi could hear the zip ripping open very loudly, and the next thing she heard was the sound of pee hitting the urinal with a lot of force - whoever it was must have really wanted to go.

Hearing this was too much for her tiring sphincter - she ached for that very same relief! As she entered the stall, She felt a short burst of pee shoot out from her urethra into her panties, and quickly jammed her hand against her pussy to stop the flow. As she turned around the close the door, Golu saw the posture she was in, and felt his cock throbbing violently on seeing that sight. With her skirt lifted up, he could see her fair-skinned thighs all the way to her panties where she had her hand jammed against her pussy, her face full of worried concentration.

Tanvi didn’t notice him staring, she was too focussed on stopping her pee. “Oooooh rukoooo (ooooh stopppp)” she said out aloud, urging her pee to stop for just a few more seconds, out of her desperation. Tanvi managed to lock the door and walk the 2 steps to the toilet with her hands still jammed against her pussy. She could feel the pee in her urethra riveting to go out, only stopped by her hands blocking the hole. With all her mental strength, she urged her sphincter tight once again as she removed her panties. She barely managed to get her panties out of the way, but pee burst out of her now-exposed pussy like a laser beam before she could position herself over the toilet. The jet first hit the ground, and then the seat, before hitting the porcelain and finally the water. In the chamber of the public stall, the sound echo’ed and was even louder. Golu could hear Tanvi’s pee hitting the porcelain and splashing against the water loudly, his mind going crazy.

Tanvi continued peeing for about 30 seconds, after which she pulled back her panties. She looked around and found no tap or water pipe, so she just flushed and came out of the stall. Outside, even though Golu had to pee, he waited dutifully so he could escort her outside the men’s room safely first. They headed to the wash-basin, the stranger was nowhere to be seen. As she washed her hands, she said “Thanks, kaafi zaroori tha (Thanks, that was needed)”, to which he smiled and said “Haan of course. Tum restaurant chalo? main bhi susu karke aata hu (Yes, of course. Why don’t you head to the restaurant, I’ll also pee and come)”. She nodded and left. Golu immediately went to the nearest urinal and peed with almost as much force as the 2 people before him had done in the preceding 2 minutes.

As he washed his hands, curiosity got the better of him. He quickly checked that Tanvi wasn’t around and then headed back to the stall she had used. As he entered, he froze at the sight. He could clearly see fresh pee on the ground just in front of the toilet and on the seat! He didn’t know whether she had made it in time to keep her panties dry, but he did now know that her pee had blasted out uncontrollably from her pussy, before she had time to get into position. His mind went into a tizzy as he processed this thought.

