School Trip

Author: idontknow1

*000*2017-09-20 13:22

"Shit!" I thought as I awoke on Thursday morning to the sound of my mum calling my name. I looked at the time (7:45) and realised I had 5 minutes before I was supposed to leave for the school trip. We had to get to school at 8:20 and it took 30 minutes to get to school. I leaped out of bed, quickly got changed and brushed my teeth then legged it down the stairs to the kitchen and grabbed a smoothie for breakfast, and a bottle of water.

My mum was waiting in the car for me so I went outside and got in, and buckled my seatbelt. The belt pushed against my bladder which I realised still contained the liquids from the night before. I definitely had a slight urge to pee but it was nothing too extreme and I could definitely hold on.

It was 8:23 when I arrived on the school grounds and everyone was boarding the minibus so I got on too, and finished off my smoothie. We arrived at our location at 9:07, meaning we were 7 minutes late for the opening lecture. We walked into the back of the lecture theatre and listened to the first lecture of the day- which I found particularly interesting. The lecture theatre was very hot so I sipped on my water throughout, having forgotten about my need to pee.

The lecture ended at 10:30, and we were divided into our groups for the day. I was in the same group as my friend so we started chatting and went to fill up our water bottles. At the end of the break I was reminded of my pressing need to pee, and realised that I'd probably missed an opportunity to use the toilets by chatting through the break.

We had two more talks before lunch.

TBC

