Rumpelstiltskin's desperation

Author: isayah

*000*2024-11-25 12:59

I discovered an extreme lack of omo-content on «Once upon a time» (not to mention content with the most desirable man from this show for me), so I decided to fill this gap on my own. So, Rumplestiltskin's omorashi-analysis (??? or what the hell should I call it).

Let's start with the fact that Rumplestiltskin exists in three versions: actually Rumplestiltskin, the Dark One and Mr. Gold. Therefore, my "research" will be divided into three parts. Fortunately, there is a lot of room for omo ideas in each of these. Let's go.

1. The "original" Rumplestiltskin, a deserter from the village. For me personally, this is the hottiest "version" of this character. On the one hand, it may seem that in reality there are no special spaces for imagination. after all, this is a village – it's very easy to find a secluded place behind some tree or behind a fence, or just to satisfy needs in a corner of a hut in a bucket. But personally, I have the following thought. Let's imagine the first time after Rumplestiltskin's shameful return home.

I haven't watched beyond the third season of the show and I may be missing some key moment, but I got the impression that at that time it was desirable for Rumplestiltskin not to go outside at all. So he tries to drink less and go outside to urinate only in the morning and evening, so that once again he does not catch the eye of other villagers and avoid their bullying. Rumplestiltskin would probably be embarrassed to use a bucket at home in the presence of his wife and/or son - he looks like a person with "shy bladder" (I wanna think so 🍓). In addition, he is known to spend a lot of time meditatively spinning, but I will reveal the topic of "postponing going to the toilet until the bladder literally bursts" in the second "incarnation" of Rumplestiltskin – The Dark One.

Therefore, here we will consider such a scene: Rumplestiltskin, tightly clenching his legs, monotonously turns the spinning wheel. A small Baelfire is playing nearby. Mila is disappearing into the middle of nowhere again (well, or she's sitting in the other corner of the room and doing some medieval feminine activity, lol. not so important). Rumplestiltskin is trying to change his position on a wooden bench in order to somehow alleviate his condition.

"Bae, don't you want to go for a walk?" – he asks his son in a slightly trembling voice, but the boy shakes his curly head negatively. The boy is quite happy to play on the floor with wooden toys. Rumplestiltskin just sighs softly and squeezes his legs tighter. Outside the window, the sun is still almost at its zenith, and the voices of passers-by can be heard on the street. He should have gone out into the backyard, to the wooden barn... but he can't afford it, he can't hear the malicious taunts again. He just needs to hold it in until the evening. Rumplestiltskin purses his lips and tries to focus on spinning the thread. the heaviness in the lower abdomen does not give rest. he tries his best to think about nothing, but the thought "Need to pee" appears more and more often in his head against his will.

His throat is dry, but he does not drink, because he understands that every drop of water must go into his already full bladder. It took a little time, and finally Rumplestiltskin's body began to give up: he felt his lower abdomen cramp especially hard, and in the pee hole, which was sick from tension, it tickled. Gasping and biting his lip until it bled, he leaned forward, trying to control the urge. He can hardly hold it any longer. "Dad, what happened?" – Bae looked up from his toys in concern. Rumplestiltskin tried to straighten up and even smile.

"Nothing, honey, I just pricked myself with a spindle..." – he replies, quickly coming up with an excuse. however, realizing that he can't hold it any longer, he adds as calmly as possible: "Please take the spools of yarn to the barn". And, as soon as the child obediently picks up the coils and disappears through the door, Rumplestiltskin hastily grabs his cane and in a couple of lame steps finds himself next to the bucket. his hands are shaking, his eyes are blurred with tears; an overflowing bladder causes pain, and the first drops of urine stain his linen underwear. Barely having time to lower his pants down the front, he finally allows himself to relieve himself.

That's the end of the fairy tale. (But perhaps Baelfire will return too quickly, and Rumplestiltskin will not have time to finish, so he will have to continue spinning with not empty bladder).

To be continued...

P.S: I apologize for the mistakes, English is not my native language.

P.S.S: I posted this on my Tumblr, but unfortunately there is less coverage)

