Ginny and Hermione

Author: ilikeblankets

*000*2019-12-23 02:07

It had been over a month since Ginny and Hermione started dating, and about two weeks since Ginny had discovered that Hermione liked to pee herself. She had been playing hide and seek in the hallways at Hogwarts, and she had ducked behind a curtain in a little alcove at the bottom of a staircase. It was the perfect spot, Ginny thought happily, concealed from all angles. Her bladder twinged uncomfortably to let her know that it was full, and she shifted her weight, feeling her skirt waistband put pressure on her bloated stomach. Hopefully the game would be over soon so she could relieve herself, because she certainly wasn't willing to leave her hiding place and risk losing the game.

Lost in thought, Ginny didn't notice the hissing and splashing noises that came from behind her at first, but they grew steadily louder. She peeked her head out of the curtain to see her girlfriend in the alcove. Luckily she was facing away from Ginny so she didn't see her. Confused, Ginny tried to find the source of the noise and she suddenly realized that Hermione was wetting herself. Droplets were running down her legs from beneath her skirt and running to the floor, where a growing puddle surrounded her. Hermione was letting out little moans, and she sank to her knees in the puddle she had made, slipping a hand down the waistband of her skirt and seemingly beginning to rub herself *there*

Hermione finished up what she was doing, then cast drying and cleaning spells and left, leaving Ginny shocked and incredibly turned on. Unfortunately, she still had to pee, and as soon as Hermione left she felt spurts of urine warming her underwear before she was able to regain control. She knew that girls peeing turned her on, and she had looked at plenty of magical photos with desperate females, but she had never considered actually wetting herself. Seeing how easily Hermione had cleaned up though...

Ginny slipped out of the curtains and into the alcove, squatting down on the ground. She knew she should probably pull her panties down, but it would be the same amount of cleaning either way and part of her wanted to try peeing herself. Almost as soon as she had the thought, she felt her bladder give out and a warm dampness spread through her underwear. Pee began dripping, then splattering onto the ground and Ginny desperately hoped that nobody who might be walking by could hear. Eventually her bladder was empty, and although she wanted to touch herself the way Hermione had she knew there were people looking for her and she might get caught. She quickly cleaned up and slipped back into the curtains, smiling at the thought that she was the only person to know everything that had just happened.

I plan to make more stories like this so let me know if y'all have scenarios you want me to put them through

*002*2019-12-28 00:26

{{On 12/24/2019 at 8:05 PM, Stanley79 said:

I like the setup. However, I'd like to know more background. How'd they meet and what about the meeting made them want to hang out together? Which school year provides their setting? Do they take classes together? So they hide their friendship? Do they share liking a favorite food? What led to them dating? What led to playing hide and seek? Who if anyone else involved in the game?

Oh Ginny! Just clicked. She does keep these activities secret from Harry?

Would still like some background leading up to the game. Sort of a preamble to your post.

}}

I can definitely write a backstory on how they started dating, but this is meant to take place while both girls are still at Hogwarts, probably around Hermione's 5th or 6th year. Ginny is dating Hermione instead of Harry in this scenario, but both Ginny and Hermione are friends with Harry and the Weasley siblings like in the books. (In the last part, that's who Ginny was supposed to be playing hide and seek with.) Hope that cleared some things up!

