Eleanor and the Quack Doctor – another totally 100% historically accurate medieval story

Author: idunno0

*000*2025-06-22 02:46

Just to make a few things clear: this will be a story featuring a character from my earlier "historical" fiction thread on here, because I still can't be bothered to come up with a new one & also I like her.

$/110708-totally-100-entirely-historically-accurate-medieval-storystories/

However, the story in this new topic can be seen as a kind of prequel, so if you haven't seen the old topic that's not an issue.

Enjoy!

###

Eleanor and the Quack Doctor

Part 1

In the blessed and rainier-than-usual year of our Lord 1309, there was an above-average-sized farmhouse in Southern France.

Its door was painted blue. Nearby lay a dog. There were many such dogs, houses at the time, yet these ones were special because they served as the opening scene to a story.

The dog yawned and rolled over. His only purpose was to smoothe the transition between the description of the house's door and the statement that there were many houses like it, but he was blissfully unaware of that. A cold breeze stirred his fur and he sauntered away into oblivion.

In the wind there hung a faint scent of soaked grain. Old rain dripped from grapes into mud and summoned worms from the earth.

Some enjoyed that, said it was the gift of nature. Others argued it all smelled of old feet and urine, actually.

Near the farmhouse, a clothesline had been raised.

On the clothesline hung a pair of stockings and a thin white underdress.

A line of little flowers was embroidered along the hem of the dress, and it was an incredible, totally unforeseen coincidence that it, too, smelled of urine. There where one might expect to find a pair of legs, a yellow stain shaped like an elongated three-fingered hand reached all over and creased the thin fabric, making it appear even more translucent than otherwise.

Both the underdress and the stain belonged to a woman named Eleanor.

Eleanor lived in the house.

She lived there alongside her father and her mother. It might come as a surprise she even had two sisters, who did indeed live there as well.

At twenty years, Eleanor was neither the youngest nor the oldest of her sisters, but she was the wettest. Eleanor's bladder was neither the smallest nor the largest, though she was by far the best at filling it, unfortunately.

Emptying it was also among her talents. Everyone agreed that was the problem, and Eleanor had begun to fear she would never find a husband to leave her above-average-sized, blue-doored house with.

The idea of leaving had seemed increasingly attractive to her lately. Her mother, who had always been averse to Eleanor's talents, had fallen for a tall quack doctor with long hair and a longer, lying tongue.

As a married woman, she would of course never dare admit to it, but nonetheless it was obvious to Eleanor. Her mother bought all his ointments and healing stones and swallowed his stinking potions with open throat like they were something else, and now she was trying to make her daughter swallow too.

There would be a tourney at Toulouse tommorow. Her mother had insisted they needed to address her bladder if they were going to attend it, though Eleanor was fairly certain she'd only wanted a reason to call upon her new physician yet again. He'd already come to their home thrice that week.

Last time, her mother had rubbed her neck with a folded-up carpet for half an hour so she could ask about the rashes that had oh-so-strangely appeared on her skin.

Eleanor tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "Mother, why must he hear of this?"

Her face felt warm and tingling, as if red ants were scurrying accross. She was blushing. For someone who insisted her accidents were undignified, her mother was describing them in humiliating detail. "Eleanor," she warned. "I told you, this must be helped."

"By him?" Eleanor had little faith in that.

Her mother ignored her and fondled the physician's sleeve. "Oh, Pedro, you must forgive my daughter. She's only a little embarrassed."

"You are forgiven, Madame," he said in accented French. "I have seen much cases... much, many more delicate than this."

"Such as?" Eleanor settled in the soft cushioned chair near the window. She'd deliberately piss a pond into it before believing this Pedro was a real physician.

"Too delicate," he said, shaking his head. "Too much delicate to talk around." Pedro claimed he had come from Aragon, the kingdom to the south, but Eleanor doubted that.

She didn't know much of Aragon's people; but how different from Occitanians could they be? Pedro, however, was very different. His hair licked at his back with glistening grease, and when he smiled, his lips bent the wrong way. The strings braided firmly into his locks reached down past his arse, dyed red and ochre and pink. Was Pedro even his real name?

Either way it was a mystery where he had truly come crawling from. His fingers were weirdly long, too. Thin, rather delicate.

"But of course," Eleanor answered him. "We shan't talk around any further."

"Oui." He smiled. Something blue lurked between two teeth.

Her mother also smiled, and corrected his pronunciation. Pedro placed the chest he usually kept strapped to his body as if it were his son upon the table. He opened it, only to reveal a cask and another, smaller chest.

He opened it. Inside the small chest there sat a contraption of little glass vials and steel and copper tubes that ran over and around each other as if desperately trying to remember what they were meant to be doing.

Eleanor peered closer and thought she recognized a trumpet embedded within the machine. Then Pedro's fingers slithered inside, scratched a thing, and suddenly the room reeked of burnt bread.

He sniffed. "Now I will do my examination. Tell me, Eleanor—"

Eleanor wanted no part in it. "Wait a moment." She snapped her legs crossed, menacingly. "I have to pee."

Her mother rolled her eyes. "Now? This won't take long."

"Please, it's urgent," said Eleanor, knowing it wasn't. Not this time.

"Urgency." Pedro nodded and stroked his chin. "Oui. Oui." Her mother probably thought he appeared wise, but Eleanor still remembered the time he had gone off to consult a frog after her father complained to him of aching knees, "for frogs do not have knees, merely crooked legs."

"When you feel this urgency..." Pedro hesitated and licked his lips. "Tell, how do you feel the urgency?"

"What?" She crossed her legs the other way, keeping up appearances.

"It's not a trick question, Eleanor," her mother snapped.

"Does he not know how needing to pee feels?"

"On course I do," Pedro said, "but no two bodies are the same. That is why my work is so difficult."

"Tell Pedro, Eleanor."

Eleanor sighed and uncrossed her legs. There was no getting out of this, evidently. "It's a pressure," she said. "It presses downward. Feels a bit warm and tingling, like your face after biting into a lemon."

"Fascinating," Pedro said. "A lemon, even."

"Fascinating? Is it?"

"Yes, it's." He fiddled with one of his copper pipes. Another half-baked scent escaped, and he sniffed at the pipe like a dog did at piss. Then he stuck a finger up his nose.

He scratched. Twisted the finger, and grinned triumphantly.

Eleanor presumed that meant he was pleased with what he'd found. Her mother continued to look upon it all as if struck by two bricks. "Excuse me," Pedro told her after wiping his hand clean.

"Oh Pedro, you mustn't apologize. Your healings are an art we cannot comprehend." She fingered his shoulder. "Do you have a remedy?"

"We are there, almost." He stepped closer to Eleanor. She became very aware of her chair's backrest. Soaking the cushions wouldn't help; so couldn't they just swallow her?

"When you let pee in your dresses," Pedro said, "how does it... how do you say it? How does it–"

"Feel?"

"No. Before. When it–"

"You mean how it escapes?"

"Yes!" He jumped into the air, sandal slipping off from one foot. "Tell me."

Eleanor sighed. "It feels like it goes cold, down there. My bladder slowly numbs, and starts this terrible tickle that seems to... spread everywhere else." She looked down to examine her lap, which suddenly seemed fascinating. "Mostly it just hurts, though."

"Of course!" Pedro exclaimed, failing to retie his shoe. "I know how to treat you."

"How?" Despite all, Eleanor wanted to believe it.

"With this!" He turned to his copper contraption. Eleanor prepared to flee.

Then Pedro closed the chest that contained the copper, and allowed it to again be swallowed by its larger comrade, along with the cask. Good. He did not yet strap it to his back, instead reaching for his belt.

From a leather pouch Eleanor hadn't noticed before, Pedro drew a large bottle filled with something green she surmised was swamp water.

"This," he said, "is a potion that can be brewed only with many most rare roots and herbs from my homeland. That is Aragon, you know."

"Are you aware my problem is that I drink too–"

"What does it do?" her mother interrupted.

"Eleanor's problem is that the gate, we will say, of her bladder is not strong enough to hold her waters for many time. I have seen this before." Pedro sloshed the potion around. "Luckily it can be helped. This potion has properties of strength and hard. When you drink it, it enters the bladder fast, and there it will make the gate hold better."

"When should she take it?"

Pedro frowned. "When she goes outside, after how many time does she feel the urgency?"

This was ridiculous. Eleanor squeezed her arm, for there was no way any of it was real. It had to be a dream. When she did not awaken in her bed, she sprang up from her chair towards them. "Obviously it depends on–"

"About two or three hours."

"Then she should drink a bottle anytime she goes outside for longer than two hours. I will give you eight to start with."

Eleanor snatched the bottle from Pedro's long fingers. "Let me taste that."

"On course."

She took a sip. It tasted bitter but drinkable, like watered-down acorns mixed with cheap ale. The worst of it was the green pulp caught between her teeth, alongside the fact that it was a gigantic bloody bottle of liquid that "entered the bladder fast."

"I'm not drinking that," she said.

"Yes, you are." Her mother shook her head and accepted another bottle which Pedro had conjured up from somewhere. "When we go to Toulouse for the tourney tomorrow, I will not have you disgrace yourself yet another time."

"So your brilliant solution to me needing to pee," Eleanor said incredulously, "is to make me drink more liquids?"

"Medicine, Eleanor. You'll be drinking medicine made by a renowned physician."

All Eleanor heard was drinking.

*004*2025-06-29 04:35

Welcome to part 2 everyone, in which we shall be seeing Eleanor's father continue to be cucked by Pedro the Piss Physician.

- - - - -

Inevitable

[in-ev-i-tuh-buhl]

Adjective

Unable to be avoided, evaded, or escaped; certain; fated.

- The inevitable end of human life is death.

- An inevitable conclusion.

- The accident was the inevitable consequence/result/outcome of carelessness.

Synonyms: ineluctable, unavoidable, sure to occur, happen, or come; unalterable; to have unfavorable odds, and to prepare for a future everyone ought to see coming, damn it.

Eleanor was about halfway certain she was going to wet herself today.

The first sunlight of the morrow trickled in through her bedchamber's window. Everyone else still slumbered. Currently she stood near her wardrobe, nude but for her stockings, trying to consider damage control.

A black dress would conceal stains the best, probably, but she didn't own any black dresses. Her sister Anais did, though. For a moment Eleanor wondered if she might let her borrow it.

"Anais, could I use your dress?" she heard her own voice say. "I need a good one to piss in."

Maybe not.

Yellow might work, but that made her feel as though she was asking her bladder for it; and Eleanor would not ask.

Eleanor was going to fight it, as she had fought her mother over having to drink Pedro's bottles of swamp water. The fighting had turned to pleading, back to fighting, to cursing, and then her mother had ended it all by threatening she'd elsewise marry Eleanor to Old Man Philippe, who reeked of cheese and an ox's steamy breath.

They said Philippe hadn't been able to raise his hands above his neck in four years, but he did hold a farm that was larger than her family's by about a foot and a half.

Feasts and tourneys such as today's ofttime provided opportunities to freely find a husband, supposedly. Eleanor looked down at herself. Normally that might mean she'd try to look all pretty, but today her priorities lay elsewhere.

The wardrobe continued to lurk within view. It would have to be blue, she decided.

By the time she finished dressing, the sun had soaked her bedchamber entirely. She told it goodbye and walked out to find her mother awaiting her with one of Pedro's massive bottles set upon the dining table.

Eleanor yawned. It was too early in the morning for another fight. She took the bottle and began to drink.

Before it was even half-empty, her tongue felt numb from swallowing and the pulp was making her queasy. Reaching the bottom, a renewed anger bubbled up into her head.

Eleanor felt like flinging the bottle into the hearth to shatter there among the ashes, then realized she hadn't had her morning pee yet. She was allowed that, at least.

Not that she stopped to ask. "Meet us in the yard," her mother called after her.

She fidgeted as she hurried to draw her chamber pot from under the bed, fumbled with her skirts, but the feeble trickle that left her was quick to inform none of that had been needed.

Eleanor groaned. The only thing she loathed more than peeing herself was her body fooling her into thinking she had to pee. Ofttimes her bladder could be so deceptive she doubted whether she ought to pay it any attention at all.

"Full bladder or an itch?" she whispered to no one in particular.

Her golden trickle reduced to mere droplets she had to catch carefully because they clung to the little hairs between her thighs before losing their grip into a myriad of unexpected directions. "Sweating or leaking?" Eleanor asked them. "A torrent or a bit of residue?"

Unsurprisingly, her pee did not reply.

Looking down into the pot, she felt disappointed by how little she had relieved herself of. Pedro's potion still lurked within her stomach, of course. Like an army on route to the castle it meant to besiege.

All Eleanor could do now was hope one of its trebuchets' wheels would get stuck in the mud. She muttered a brief prayer and left the house.

"Best morning," Pedro greeted her.

He was seated on their wagon along with her mother and a man she did not recognize, and somehow Eleanor was not even a little surprised to see him.

"What's he doing here now?" she asked either way. Her father wasn't joining them, because he was frightened of warhorses, or something. Yet Pedro was?

"You ought to be grateful," her mother said. "Pedro is joining us today just so he can monitor you."

"I'm honored." Eleanor clambered onto the wagon. She misliked the way Pedro and her mother were leaning into each other, so she settled at the front, beside the man handling the donkey's reins. He seemed to be about her age.

He pulled at the reins and the wagon rolled forward. Pedro pointed at him. "That is my assistant, Tomas."

Assistant?

"Pleased to meet you," he said.

Eleanor shuffled away from him and began to look for frogs or copper pipes concealed beneath his cloak. "Why do you work for him?" she asked when she didn't find any.

"Coin."

"Coin?"

He gave her a look. "Yes. Those round shiny things."

Eleanor rolled her eyes. "I think I've heard of them. Are you in debt, or something?"

"What?" He frowned at the notion. "No. My family's been saving up to buy a farmstead for three generations, so the yields of the land belong to us, not to the Count. First my grandfather and then my father and now me." A grin broke through his lips and his eyes glistened. On Pedro, it would've looked greedy. "And I'm close."

Something about the way he said it made her smile, too. "Alright, then. I suppose it is a kind of debt, though. To your ancestors."

Tomas seemed to think about that. "Maybe. They're not as demanding as the Count."

"Anyway," Eleanor said, "I hope you get to buy it."

"Thank you." His gaze lingered on her form for a little too long, as if he was hesitant about something. "I will."

Did he like the blue of her dress? Or had Pedro, damn him, told this complete stranger about her piss potions?

Eleanor feared it was the latter. As Pedro's assistant, Tomas may even have been the one lugging the bottles around. She tried to direct her thoughts away from that, though she had little better on her mind.

It had rained again throughout the night. Rather than Pedro's trebuchet, it was their wagon that kept getting its wheels stuck in the mud.

Even Old Man Philippe might've made better pace than them, and the air was so damp it felt as though seeping through Eleanor's skirts. After some time there was a twinge in her bladder but she was unsure how much of it was pee and how much mere discomfort from the cold and humidity.

Did cold air rouse the bladder, she wondered, or was it so that a full bladder made its owner more sensitive to cold?

Eleanor crossed her legs and folded her hands over her lap. She told herself it was only to keep warm.

"Do tell Pedro if you're in need of another dose, Eleanor," her mother said. She tried not to pay it any mind, but then Tomas glanced at her again and nearly drove the donkey into a bramble bush.

He knew.

The remaining journey trickled by in silence. Eleanor spent most her time straining to think of ways to slow the potion's advance towards her bladder. She thought it might help to try sitting completely still, rigid as a tree trunk, but that only made her more aware of her accursed, besieged body. Would it be better to lie down on the bottom of the wagon, perhaps?

Stick her legs high into the air and lean back?

Pray some more? Because she was filling up, inevitably

Yield?

No, it was too late for that. They had arrived at Toulouse. She could already smell the horses and hear the crowds drawn by the tourney.

The mud was defeated by a cobblestone road. That pleased Eleanor, for it meant they now again outpaced Old Philippe. She was less pleased by the sensations in her bladder. Many little droplets gathered inside of her, whispering not like leaves on an overwatered tree but rather like her besiegers, assuming position.

They were prodding her gate, looking for weaknesses. Waving banners around. Dismounting. Parking the wagon. Eleanor and all her companions walked through a forest of pavilions raised from canvas dyed in more colors than she had known existed. There were smoldering cookfires and racks of blunted tourney lances and sigils covering every free surface, some stranger than others.

It was beautiful. Eleanor's thighs felt frozen. She needed to go pee.

Passing through the final ring of pavilions, she saw one that was particularly massive, a roaring azure lion embroidered on the side. Nearby a knight stood pissing.

She averted her eyes, gaze landing on the lion. "What?" it told her. "Not my fault you can't do that."

It had her mother's voice. Eleanor shivered. The crowds at the jousting grounds proper were overflowing like a black kettle.

Fuck.

She really needed to go pee. They were only just beginning to search seating, yet the hem of her dress was already dappled with mud that splashed up when her legs weaved around each other and stroked the linen. Farewell to walking normally.

"Let us seat there." Pedro tugged at her mother's sleeve. She nodded, blushed, and giggled. It was a sickening sight, almost as awful as the seating situation.

Clearly, the Count had spared all expenses. The bleachers were little more than an oversized diagonal ladder with steps made wide enough to sit upon. They climbed and walked over a plank near the top towards vacant spots, then lowered themselves onto the same plank. Eleanor's mother sat between Pedro and her. Tomas sat behind Pedro. The plank sat below her arse.

It was hard and wet, a wooden bite between her lower cheeks. Everything was clammy and she felt as though her skirts were folding inward, trying to wring Eleanor and all her piss out of their layers because it was too cold and her pee was always warm and steamy and there was a lot of it.

She leered at Pedro, at her mother. They were holding hands.

Fuck!

The planks were filling rapidly. Eleanor knew there would be no escaping once people had taken all seats surrounding her. Her feet dangled over open air, pulling at her, pulling, pulling, peeing, please.

She guessed there was a sloppy twelve feet between her and the ground. At that height it would be a waterfall. The dirt was already wet, upturned by hooves, though she did not yet see any warhorses. The knights were busy pissing.

In an attempt to stifle the crowd's impatience, singers and tumblers emerged, a man juggling burning practice swords following suit.

A distraction. Eleanor's eyes followed the wooden swords high into grey air. From her plank, the pavilions around looked like a cluster of mushrooms, some more poisonous than others. She saw big ones and small ones and one so tiny it could likely fit no more than a single person. Many men and women were standing around it, though.

She looked closer and realized it was a line. A rush surged through Eleanor, and for the first time in hours she felt warm. The tent was a public latrine. Her mother always used to lecture her about the indignity of such places, but if so many women were willing to line up for this one, that must surely mean it was private enough.

Eleanor got up to leave, now that she still could. The plank creaked as she hopped from leg to leg.

"Where do you think you're going?" her mother said.

Eleanor met her eyes, trying to stand still. "I need to... release my waters," she mumbled. "There's a latrine nearby. A proper one."

"No!" Pedro shuddered as if struck by a lance, and clutched her by the wrist. Eleanor lost her balance.

As she waved her arms around not to slip and tumble onto the crowd below, the tiniest dribble escaped her gate. "Let go of me!" she shouted. "Why not?"

"If you let the potion out, it will not do work. You must keep it in."

"Listen to Pedro, Eleanor."

The singers and tumblers fled. Eleanor heard hoofbeats, drawing more people over. Two men fought over a seat. "Mother, I have to go now. It's almost as bad as last time."

"Are you lying about it again, Eleanor?"

"When have I ever–"

"Yesterday."

Right. She shouldn't have done that. "I'm not lying now, I swear. The potion isn't working."

"How long does it take to work?" her mother asked Pedro.

"Normal, not long." He stroked his chin. "Maybe she needs one other."

"Bugger off!" For a moment she was filled with more rage than pee. She stomped her feet, only to have more of it drip out. "I'm overfull from just the one."

"Non, non." Pedro shook his head, braids fluttering in the wind. "It only seems so because the one potion has not done his work yet." He thrust another bottle into her hand and smiled.

A herald sauntered onto the jousting grounds, carrying a roll of parchment. Eleanor felt short of breath. She bit her lips, licked them. "I am going to wet–"

"Eleanor, that's enough!" Her mother's face turned red. "Sit down. Have some faith, by god."

As the only meek act of defiance Eleanor could muster, she abandoned her mother and Pedro, instead choosing to sit next to Tomas. He pointed at the bottle still clutched in her hand. "I wouldn't do that."

Obviously he had heard the exchange ensuing in front of him. Eleanor took some time to consider what the least shameful response might be. A question, she decided.

"What do you think of all this?" She gestured at the bottle.

"I'd tell you it's the most deranged thing I've ever seen Pedro do, but then I would be lying. I once saw him ask a frog for advice."

Eleanor laughed and almost peed. She doubled over, face brushing against Pedro's braids. "Be quiet," she told Tomas, pulling her skirts taut across her lap.

Not even three heartbeats later, an old man and woman sat down beside and behind her. Her chance to go pee had come and gone. Now, she might as well have been nailed into place.

The herald heralded the first two contending knights, clattering towards their positions. Eleanor recognized the nearest as the pissing lion. The spectators were however oblivious to that, and they cheered, a noise that seemed to send ripples through her bladder.

She whimpered, but it was near inaudible, for the crowd deafened anything not immediately next to her. Tomas leaned closer. "You're not gonna wet yourself, hear me? I believe in you."

"Then you don't know me well enough yet, Tomas. I fear it is inevitable."

Eleanor was certain she was going to wet herself today.

*006*2025-06-29 22:07

{{51 minutes ago, maple2002 said:

This is so good my man! keep writing!

}}

Thank you, will do! Writing this stuff is a pretty good way to practice, I've found.

*007*2025-06-30 20:50

Hey, if anyone has any suggestions/wishes for the next part, I'd love to hear them. Kind of curious about what sort of outcome you guys would prefer reading when it comes to stories like this.

*010*2025-09-11 00:43

First of all, apologies for the billion-year-long wait since the last part. I had a bunch of real life stuff to do, which was more important.

If it's any consolidation, this part ended up being stupidly long. Also, slightly weirdly horny Eleanor.

As you may notice while reading, the style I used is a bit experimental in a way that I haven't done on here before and honestly made it pretty hard to write—I feel like I really pushed myself with this one, so even though I do realize most of us aren't exactly here to discuss writing, I would be really thankful if some of you could tell me what you think of it.

Anyway, enjoy :).

- - - - -

Eleanor and the Quack Doctor, Part 3

Once upon a time in a land that might be far away depending on where you are, there was an arrogant young-but-actually-not-super-young-anymore knight named Henri of Tissaieaux; a young and less arrogant man named Tomas; and sitting beside him, a young woman named Eleanor who was the main character because she really did now immediately, please God, need to pee.

God heard her. For the umpteenth time, He hoped his creations would someday realize that relieving oneself had not been among the things He intended they be prudish about.

Henri of Tissaieaux regarded his opponent, and hoped the man's appearance did not belie his ability. He seemed drunk. Teetering in the saddle, the man was so damn fat that his face looked like his horse's arse, and the muddy crust across his surcoat might as well be shit pressed out from it. Suddenly a priest came trudging through the mud, appearing somewhat unwilling, as if he'd read Henri's mind and disapproved.

Tomas, whose mother had died when he was young, wondered whether the way Eleanor's treated her was normal. He doubted it, and for her sake he hoped she hadn't truly drank that entire bottle. He decided he did not like Eleanor's mother.

Eleanor, tugging at her skirts, hoped she'd be able to hide her pee inside the folds well enough, if she did indeed wet herself. She strangled the latest green bottle Pedro had given her, so hard the glass might shatter inside her hand. Sharp, painful, but would be a distraction from her insides, at least. Perhaps she could frighten some children with the blood, clearing a path through the crowd, so that by God, please, maybe, she could piss.

The glass was too strong.

Curse Pedro, she decided, and fuck her mother. Her mother wanted Pedro to fuck her, that much was clear. Beside her, Tomas sneezed. Damn piss-wet weather. By now Eleanor's piss would likely be clear as boiling water, too, as it always was when she was this full. Then it would sometimes gurgle a bit as it rushed out, like the reverse of drinking too fast.

Whenever Pedro did fuck her mother, Eleanor hoped his cock would get stuck halfway in, and snap off, or something.

She wondered if she ought to tell her father, then. Or the local priest? God, she couldn't think straight anymore. Perhaps it was rather so that she had to pee because she was the main character. Either way, Tomas wasn't entirely sure what to make of her.

On route to her family's farm, he had half-expected to meet some feral lackwit woman who in some way was unaware of the parts God had made her of; but she seemed perfectly normal. She was pretty. Needed badly to pee, was all. Often, perhaps, but, well, alright, then. She was somehow intriguing.

Naturally God himself continued to be present, too, looming watchfully over it all to the point where frankly He seemed almost a degenerate. Why else would He have wedged his humans' bladders right behind those parts He did demand they keep concealed? Or was that a thought only crossed by Eleanor's mind? What if I could piss from my fingers? Just stick them under the bench and let it flow?

If only. Instead she rubbed her thighs with them, creeping as close to her besieged pee-gate as she dared, which was still tantalizingly far. If she could, she would've stuck a finger up it like a cork.

No, it was a bit weird to put the bladder there, she was sure, it had to be, but since it came from God it was rarely questioned.

As the narrator of many things, God had in the world's early days oftentimes been advised against hopping too briskly from one of his creations' head to another. But, eventually, slowly, adverbly and gradually He had learned that He could do whichever He wanted with his creations, so He was only going to head-hop even harder.

They said patience was a virtue, Henri knew—one of the many trials imposed by God upon his creations, yet even God himself was hesitant to say so to Eleanor now. Tomas was babbling to her about the two knights preparing to joust in the dirt below, taking way too damn long about it. Eleanor supposed it was kind of him to try distracting her, yet she could do little more than nod along. Then she had to stop that too, as the movement jostled her bladder, God may know how.

God did not know. He once had, but forgot about the details. Something to do with nerves.

Sir Henri glared down at the priest casting a blessing over his jousting stallion, sprinkling holy water all over. He felt the longer the more nervous. Talk of virtues was nice and easy enough when it echoed through a church. A dry one, roof without holes, where priests could be as sluggish as they wished. This one was taking so long, the crowd's cheers had already subsided.

Eleanor tried a new way of crossing her legs, for the tenth time. Henri adjusted the straps of his shield, emblazoned by his family's azure lion, for the thousandth time. Feeling as if the wet grey clouds overhead were weighing down his very armor, he was especially relieved to be scheduled among today's first jousters, much more than he cared about the virtue of patience. Eleanor still really needed to go pee. She felt fit to burst, and she was not exaggerating.

In front of her, her mother was fondling Pedro's sleeve. He whispered in her ear, and she giggled like some shy maiden half her true age, moving lightly as an empty—goddamned—bladder.

Why did Eleanor still have that accursed bottle? To keep as a battle trophy?

Tomas sneezed, again. Unlike her mother, Eleanor was still a maid. She let her eyes wander over him, not sure what in search of. There was a placidness in his eyes, as if two dark ponds during summer that had never been angered, and he was clean-shaven yet broad-shouldered like a knight without the shiny armor and lance, which judging by the oafs below knights didn't need anyway, because they just sat there, horses' hooves massaging the dirt, not—doing—anything. And I need to pee!

Eleanor took one, two, three deep breaths. If not for the prospect of wetting herself, she should've worn a prettier dress today, because Tomas was far more handsome than Pedro.

He really was.

He turned to her. Eleanor flinched, then shivered, and for good measure sputtered, all like a dumb half-sheared sheep which happened to also be drowning. What was she doing, gawking at him like that?

"Do you want me to quit talking?" There was a concerned look about his face.

"No," Eleanor said. She, in fact, did not. "Please, continue. How much longer must you work for Pedro, you think? Before you can buy that farmstead."

"Some two years, maybe. My father did it for forty. Not for Pedro. Just—working."

Another twinge surged through her bladder, and, "Oh," was all the answer she managed.

Oh, oh, oh. It felt like a current in a river, occasionally lapping against the shore, a dam, her gate, stockings, skirts, bench. Fuck! I'm going to wet myself.

A bladder choking on piss was supposed to be stagnant within, at the very least. She leered down at the two waiting knights. Oh, all that shiny brilliance and valour, could they tell her why hers had currents now?

Currents!

God shrugged.

I'm going to pee, and it was going to be huge enough a flood to soil Tomas' breeches too, but I can't pee yet, please, because Tomas was so kind and nicely tanned, but it's going to come out anyway, and then her mother would give her to Old Man Philippe instead, and she didn't want that, and she doubted the damn knights had any useful explanation for her, because they just pissed against their pavilions like stray dogs. She loathed them, the azure-lion one most of all.

The priests blessing the horses did finally recede, for what that was worth. About time. Henri spurred his stallion forward, feet cold from the droplets of holy water that had crept through gaps in his armor.

He raised his lance to rest against a joint in his shoulder's armor, the point erected. His drunken rival couldn't quite seem to get it up yet, but either way the cheers swept round again, bouncing off the city walls nearby. Spectators had now clambered onto those, even, peering between the crenellations, and their volume was challenged only by the squelching of his horse's hooves in the mud, and the way his heartbeat seemed to hammer on the inside of his armor; and by the screaming of Eleanor's bladder.

She held Pedro's bottle against her lap, where her perpetual thigh-clenching had pulled her skirts inwards to reveal the shape of her legs. The green liquid slushed. She hoped the cold glass might numb something, and slow the currents.

It did not. Henri of course had no way of knowing any of that, unless God were to tell him.

God did not think Henri had any business with Eleanor's bladder, and thus Henri went on wondering why he, a veteran of a real battle, was always so sickeningly tense before jousting.

Perhaps it was the love of the crowd that did it: the screaming children, the swooning ladies, all demanding violent spectacle. Henri closed his vizor, lest a lance's splinters tear his eyes apart.

Perhaps he was just vain. His father always said so, but what did he know?

Perhaps his uncle had a more flattering explanation. He'd survived a dozen battles, yet the only advice he had ever entrusted upon Henri was, "Always piss before a fight," and even God was stumped as to what that was all about.

There weren't many pleasant pissing places around, so Henri had been sloppy and just gone against his pavillion's canvas wall. The smell might linger; but if it compelled his father to quit being a miser and finally replace the massive old thing, all good. Size wasn't all that brought luxury, as Henri had so often told his wife.

He braced himself as his opponent rediscovered how to get a grip on his lance's handle.

Up into the air the fat knight's lance went, and there too were the Count's fingers, preparing to signal the start. His long brocade sleeve concealed half his hand. Eleanor swallowed, hips grinding so hard into her seat it must look as though she was trying to scrape the size of her ass down.

She wasn't. The plank creaked below her, and she felt Tomas gently nudge her shoulder. "Look, it's starting."

"Really? Heavens, I hadn't noticed."

Henri breathed deeply, scanning the people crowding the bleachers one last time. He recalled some wench who had leered at him as he pissed earlier, as if it were an abominable crime he was committing.

Quite some gall, coming from a peasant girl.

Perhaps she ought to consider herself lucky; he couldn't find her. She'd been too plain-faced, with plain dark hair in a plain blue dress, and there were a hundred more of that sort around. Henri gave up, and concluded there was just something about a woman catching him with his cock out that made her more memorable than otherwise.

Thinking of it, her gait had been a bit awkward, half-shuffling as if her legs were bound together underneath her skirts. He wondered why. Eleanor pointed at him. "That one looks like an arrogant ass," she mumbled. "I hope he loses."

Tomas had to laugh. "Tissaieaux? I don't think he will. Just look at the other one." He watched the fat man break into a fit of coughing, and drop his lance into the mud. He had to clamber off his stallion to retrieve it. Did that pig not have a squire? Not even the stolen-off-a-farm kind used by lesser knights? Pathetic. Henri forced himself to lean into his saddle regardless, lance's tip staring forward like a third eye. His spurs itched, ready, even if it took a thousand more years.

All around, the crowd was fading back into mere mutterings.

Eleanor turned again, a disappointed look on her face. "But I don't like Piss— Tissaieaux. He can't win." Her voice sounded distant, even though she sat almost pressed against him by the crowd, and Tomas did not distrust his hearing.

"Of course," he said, "we could argue this Tissaieaux seems too nervous for someone who's certain he'll win. You never know, I suppose"

"Tomas, should you be nervous when you're certain you'll lose?"

"Err..." What did he reply to that? "Why do you think he seems so nervous?"

"He needs to piss," she said, and heaved up some snickering noises, chest shaking. What had Pedro stuffed into that potion? A not entirely uncomfortable heat had begun emanating from her body, and he doubted it was brought on by her urgency alone.

Eleanor seemed not to notice it. "How many more rounds after this?" Her priorities must lay elsewhere, of course.

"I don't know," he had to admit. Eleanor winced, then doubled over until she teetered on the edge of her seat, much like the fat knight in his saddle as he strained to mount his horse again. Her gaze had turned somewhat unfocused, and Tomas wondered whether he might need to steady her soon, lest she collapse face-first onto Pedro's back.

She would not want that.

Her face had turned pale, too. How did you keep a woman from wetting herself? It was not a question he'd ever considered, but never mind that he felt a sense of obligation towards Eleanor. He had hauled those massive potions for Pedro, after all.

Was he too greedy, he wondered not for the first time, doing everything that quack demanded only because he paid well?

Greed was a sin, he of course knew.

Eh, God mumbled to himself.

It had been ages since He had declared greed as such, and right now He didn't much care about it. He was watching Eleanor, who was not faring well.

The Count of Toulouse threw his ridiculous sleeved hand down—the signal, though she only saw it when her mother and Pedro began to hoot, and she near climbed onto his lap. Weird.

Heavy. If Tomas did that to her, she'd probably start peeing.

No, Eleanor thought. Why would Tomas do that? He was sweet. Focus on the horse. The horse, not piss, the horse, the horse, the horse thundered forward, Pissaieaux's lance steady. What if she plugged herself with that?

Unlike hers, the horse's bladder was really, really big, probably, didn't need that kind of support. It seemed a fierce beast, too, galopping so fast the mud spraying from its hooves seemed to again be separated into dusty dirt and rainwater. Very well-bred. What would it be like to fuck someone?

God frowned at that sudden raunchiness. Eleanor felt as though she was losing her wits, which He did feel some sympathy for, so He allowed her mind to wander on. All parts of her womanhood were stuffed so close together, trying to imagine any yet unfamiliar sensation down there usually only snuck the intrusions of her bladder into her mind, filling, filling, spasming, leaking, peeing, peeing such a flood that the odd rivulet strayed halfway back up the wrong hole.

She glanced at her lap. It was all the same down there to her. Especially when seated, the hollow high between her thighs would turn as warm and steamy as a kettle of bad soup. That was nasty. "Do you like soup?" she asked Tomas.

"Err... yes," he said, so lost, and a giggle burst out of her. Like piss. She laughed wholly at that, and a true spurt came out to greet her, but that was fine because laugh-pee didn't really count.

So naturally she kept laughing, and became the only woman on her bench to cheer the fat man on. He had to win—not Tissaieaux. Henri could see the fear on the fat man's face, he was so close, closer, closer. Some sadness, too. Heh. His lance reached for the man's wobbling shield as if it were only a 10-foot-long wooden arm he'd had since birth. Easy. He had to win.

His horse snorted. 30 more feet between them.

25 feet. Dusty mud clawed at his boots.

Close. Eleanor bounced up and down, and suddenly felt really warm.

20 feet. A fat raindrop burst through Henri's vizor into his left eye. Fuck.

Even closer. Eleanor's lips felt stretched too far from all the smiling, but if she stopped she'd pee herself. Her bladder hurt.

15 feet. Half Henri's vision blurred. It seemed to remind him his arms weren't made of wood, and suddenly the lance felt heavier.

Really close now. The plank beneath Eleanor vibrated from the hoofbeats. What was she smiling for again, so close to humiliating herself?

10 feet. Henri's lance swayed and brushed past its target, and he struck naught but cold empty air.

Passing each other, yet nothing happened. Eleanor whimpered. She had felt two droplets. One fell cold upon her head, one was warm between her thighs, and it counted because she felt closer to crying than to laughing.

God was confused at the sudden change in emotions, then got distracted by a boy slipping off his seat and falling down between two planks.

Henri cursed, blinking the water from his eye. Behind him, he swore he could hear Sir Pig breathe a sigh of relief.

"Second pass!" thundered the herald. This—wasn't—over.

As she watched Pissaieaux veer his horse back around, Eleanor feared it was over if nothing happened soon. Sweat rolled from her neck down her sleeves, and she felt as though her bladder must've turned green with Pedro's potion. That was a little funny.

"Tomas," she said, giving him the bottle with an unsteady hand. "What do you say, should I drink this one too? I need some more 'strength and hard,' I think."

Good, that was a subtle plea for help.

"On course!" Pedro put in. "That is why I gave you it." Eleanor ignored him. Tomas did so too. He no longer cared for the joust. It was obvious Tissaieaux would triumph. Most of all Tomas pitied the fat one's horse, while he peered at the commotion on the benches across from them.

It was hard to notice over the second muddy storm of hoofbeats that battered against the city wall and rattled the bleachers, but there was an empty seat left by a plump boy who'd fallen and slipped down between the planks, smooth as an oily fish. Now a girl whom Tomas assumed was his sister was laughing at him, an old man had taken the seat to rest his legs, and an idea began simmering inside Tomas' mind.

Like soup above a fire. He did like soup. Eleanor sat writhing around on the bench, her knees knocking together, and Tomas knew any idea was desperately needed now. Just looking at her almost made him need to piss too, made his heart beat faster, and he felt a weird urge to take her in his arms and soothe her.

He frowned the thought out his head. Probably no kind of touch would do her much good now. She'd started whimpering and chuckling to herself, and she wasn't exactly being subtle about it.

God agreed. She might as well have been commanding Tomas he build a massive wooden ship to survive her flood, along with a bunch of animals.

Nothing was happening, so Eleanor feared she was being too subtle; but she didn't want to scream it all out like a merchant selling vinegar, either. Tomas knew of most everything, aye, but still she could hardly imagine such bluntness leaving a good impression on this handsome man she'd only just met.

"Hi, I'm Eleanor," she imagined herself saying. "I like your shoulders."

"Tomas, pleased to meet—"

"I wet myself a lot."

"What?"

"If some trickles into your boot later, I do apologize, but— "

No! That would not do. Saying it so plainly would make it real, put it between them like a puddle on the bench. That puddle was also feeling increasingly real, though, it must be said.

"What?" Tomas said.

Eleanor turned to find him gaping at her as if she was naked. She didn't hate the idea. "What?"

"What was that?"

"What was what, Tomas?"

"Are you aware you just... drunkenly mumbled all that?"

She wasn't drunk. "Aloud?"

He nodded. She blushed, felt her face heat up.

"I did not."

"You did." Maybe she had. She'd already forgotten. Tomas frowned, but it turned into a smile. "I think we'd better leave."

"By God, Tomas, why didn't I think of that." She bit her tongue. "How?" They were still surrounded on all sides by walls of humanity.

Tomas peered down between his feet, as if he needed to consult the mud. "Do you trust me?"

Tomas peered down between his feet as if he needed to consult the mud. "Do you trust me?"

"Yes," Eleanor's tongue said before she had the chance to think, I only just met you. "I should stop thinking." It hadn't done her much good today.

"Alright, then," Tomas said. "Alright, no more thinking," and he hooked an arm under his seat, lowered his feet into the gap between the benches, slow, muscles tensing nicely. Then he let go, back scraping the wood as he fell through. There was a muddy squelch and a grunt, and Eleanor sat all alone again.

So alone. She felt a little dizzy. It wasn't fair. The bench was so high up, she couldn't do that alone. Her mother was going to make her wed Old Philippe, and fucking him would probably feel awful. Something in her chest tightened and her bladder did too, and she was going to wet herself, and it wasn't fair.

"Eleanor?" it came from below. "It isn't as high as it looks. Just let yourself slide down."

Right. She blinked the tears from her eyes. If she had to wed and fuck anyone, let it be a man like Tomas. The old woman beside her was frowning, so she frowned back, then shuffled on her ass towards the edge of the bench. She felt as though she was about to clamber down a cliff, but reminded herself there were two dark pools of placid summerwater at the bottom.

Eleanor tried to keep her thighs, legs, feet clenched together as tightly as she could while she lowered them into the gap. She hesitated a moment, having seen Tomas' body scrape the wood. That wouldn't be easy on her boiling kettle of a bladder. Then she caught Pedro kiss her mother, and decided the risk of raining piss onto Tomas standing below was preferable to watching those two.

Fuck you.

She supposed she was slimmer than Tomas, because all she felt while falling was the breeze streaming past her. Like piss. The landing forced her onto hands and knees, mud all over, and Tomas stood there clapping his hands. It all felt a little funny again.

Like piss. She giggled but still felt dizzy, and Tomas' face looked weird in the shadows of the upside-down stair of benches hung over them. She reached to wipe her hands on his tunic, but missed him and almost collapsed.

"What's so funny?" he said. Muddy floor and people above, it was like their own little burrow.

"I really need to pee," she laughed, and some more droplets warmed her thighs.

But it was fine, because laugh-pee didn't count.

God wasn't quite sold on that logic, but then Eleanor did not seem capable of much reason now. He made a note to check this Pedro's memory soon, see if He could find what the man had put into that potion. Something alcoholic, perhaps?

But first, He summoned a particularly slippery patch of mud within the trajectory of Henri's horse, for, by Zeus, the man really was an ass.

Eleanor heard the clattering of steel, and a horse whinnied. "Huh?"

Tomas shrugged. "You said you saw a latrine somewhere?"

Yes! She had said that. God, this man's memory was infinite. "I did, what are we standing around for?" She clutched his hand, to pull him along. The clattering turned into a massive wave of disappointed murmurs washing over the benches above, as if every last man and woman had joined in.

Everyone but one, God had to correct her. Pedro cheered and fisted the sky. He had placed a bet against Tissaieaux, one that proved to be very lucrative, now that the young knight lay moaning beside his horse with a mouth full of mud.

He was such a brilliant gambler, and physician. This Eleanor was fortunate to have him. He turned around to see if she'd drunk her second dose yet.

Where was Eleanor?

To be continued.

