Desperate at the Office

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2020-03-26 03:07

Sunny’s new temp-to-permanent clerical job was easy so far, albeit a bit boring. It was just a lot of data entry, filing and answering phones. She also got along great with her co-workers (it helped that she was a young, attractive, happy-go-lucky Korean American woman). The only annoying thing was her seemingly overactive bladder. She would frequently have to run to the ladies’ room during the work day and even cutting down on coffee didn’t appear to help. She worried that it might be affecting her work, but no one in management had approached her about it yet.

Then about three weeks into the job, Sunny was called into a meeting with Human Resources. They explained that her frequent restroom breaks were interfering with her work productivity. She was shocked by what they would tell her next: she would now only be allowed to go to the restroom during her two fifteen-minute breaks and her one-hour lunch break (her work schedule was 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.). If she went to the restroom at any other time, she would be written up, and after being written up three times, her work contract would be terminated. They explained all of this with the phony politeness that she found so annoying about HR departments in general. She thought it was totally wrong that she was being treated this way, but she was still just a temp.

It wasn’t like she could just quit the job, either. It was the first employment she had in over six months and the economy still wasn’t doing too great. She would just have to put up with it.

Sunny came to work the next morning filled with a slight feeling of dread. She wore a tan pantsuit and off-brand brown women’s dress shoes and her shoulder-length hair pulled back in a chignon hairstyle. She had decided to try and avoid drinking any liquids for the entire workday so she wouldn’t need to urinate that often. This seemed to work at first: she started feeling an urge to pee about twenty minutes before the first 15-minute break at 10 a.m. Even though it was uncomfortable, she had no difficulty holding it. She didn’t have to pee at all for the next hour and forty-five minutes afterward, but avoiding drinking anything made her very thirsty by the time her lunch break arrived. Sunny then found herself getting bottled water from the break room vending machine and gulping it down, hoping it wouldn’t cause her any problems. But sure enough, she was hit with an urgent need to pee not more than twenty minutes after getting back from lunch.

DAMN it, Sunny thought. She had another hour and forty minutes to go until the next 15-minute break and she was just going to have to grin and bear it. She decided to try and not to think about her bladder, but over the next twenty minutes, her desperation rapidly got worse. She was starting to fidget at her desk uncontrollably and worry about whether she’d be able to make it or not. Just then, she saw her supervisor Mrs. Sanchez walking down the aisle. Sunny hoped that if she asked nicely if she could go to the ladies’ room just a couple of minutes, her supervisor would let her.

She was going to call her name, but Mrs. Sanchez arrived at her cubicle first.

“How do you like working here so far, Sunny?” she asked.

“It’s okay,” Sunny replied, smiling nervously and trying to sit still. “There are plenty of things to do.”

“That’s good. Oh, Bob in Logistics needs those reports emailed by 4.”

“I’ll get right on it. Uh, by the way, could I go to the restroom real quick, please? I’ll be back in just two minutes. It’s really an emergency.” Sunny had one hand pressed into her crotch under the desk.

Mrs. Sanchez’s middle-aged brow furrowed in disapproval.

“Now, Sunny, it was explained to you in the meeting yesterday: you can only go to the restroom during your standard break periods,” she replied. “If I let you go now, I’ll have to write you up.”

“But Mrs. Sanchez, I…”

“You only have a little more than an hour before your next 15-minute break---it’s not that long to wait.”

She patted her hand patronizingly on Sunny’s shoulder. “Bob’s counting on you.”

Then she turned around quickly and walked back down the aisle before Sunny could protest again.

Sunny sat there in utter despair. There was nothing else she could do except to try and hold it until the break.

Another twenty-five minutes passed as Sunny’s desperation went from worse to much worse. Her bladder was screaming at her and there was no way she thought she could make it at this point. Her legs were shaking involuntarily and it was nearly impossible for her to concentrate on her work. Then she saw Mrs. Sanchez talking to another employee at a nearby cubicle. She stood up and hobbled out into the aisle with her knees her pressed together.

“Mrs. Sanchez, I need to use the restroom really bad!” Sunny pleaded while doing an obvious pee-pee dance. “Can I please just…”

Mrs. Sanchez sighed in exasperation.

“Sunny, you are an adult and you should be able to hold your bladder,” Mrs. Sanchez replied sternly. The other female employee (a blonde girl whom Sunny considered an airhead) tittered.

“But I…”

“If you don’t sit back down and do your work, you’ll be written up right now!”

Sunny did as she was told. Her eyes welled up with tears as sat at her desk. She was certain she was going to wet her pants soon---she hadn’t done that since she was in grade school (Mrs. Sanchez even seemed to act like a mean grade school teacher, in fact).

Sunny struggled to hold it in for fifteen more minutes. Then she felt she couldn’t wait anymore. Her need to urinate was a white-hot agony and she had to get to a toilet now---she didn’t care if she got written up or not anymore. She got up and walked slowly out of her cubicle.

Then Mrs. Sanchez saw her.

“Sunny, what do you think you’re doing? You’re supposed…”

“Mrs. Sanchez, I c-can’t hold it anymore,” Sunny stammered. Suddenly, she felt urine spurt into the crotch of her lace cotton panties. She gasped and squeezed her thighs together in an attempt to clamp herself shut.

“I think she really has to go pee, Mrs. Sanchez,” a male employee said.

“That’s it, I’m calling the staffing agency,” Mrs. Sanchez replied unsympathetically.

“N-no, don’t, I just need to…..oh my God, NO!”

Sunny’s bladder couldn’t take it anymore and she started to wet herself. She looked down in shock and horror as hot urine seemed to burst from the crotch of her tan cotton dress pants, almost completely saturating them in both the front and back as it flooded down her legs. An enormous puddle formed at her feet, soaking her shoes and turning the blue-gray carpet below almost black. Mrs. Sanchez and the rest of the nearby employees could only stare, also completely shocked.

Sunny stood there peeing for a little over a minute. Then she came to senses and ran out of the office sobbing from humiliation, leaving wet shoeprints on the carpet behind her. Then she ran into the ladies’ room and into a stall, still sobbing loudly. Her wet pants clung to her legs and she absolutely reeked of urine. The fact that she still had to stick with this job made her cry even more.

