Totally 100% entirely historically accurate medieval story/stories

Author: idunno0

*000*2025-03-27 03:10

Hi, amateur writer here. Was all out of ideas so I figured, why not try dumping something on here. I've always wished there was more medieval-inspired stuff on this site, so that's what I made this topic for. Be the change you want to see in the world, I guess.

Also, as you can probably tell by the title, these likely won't be historically accurate at all, but for something like this I can't be bothered to actually do proper research. Sorry to any scholars reading this. Enjoy.

###

Toulouse, Southern France, 1311

Part 1: An Overfull Square

Eleanor and her husband Tomas were yeomen. The land they worked and the house they lived in was owned by them, not by their feudal lord, which placed them comfortably in the upper 30% of society.

It also meant that they, a newly wedded pair with a healthy hunger for money, were free to sell the land's excess for their own profit.

This season, they had far more casks of vinegar and olive oil than any god-fearing woman should know what to do with, so they had stuffed it all into their rattling old wagon to go sell it at Toulouse's markets. They had also brought some bread and cheese to eat at midday, and a flagon of watered wine to evade the summer's dry heat.

Especially the latter had proved to be a wise precaution. The city had little in the way of shade, enabling the sun to nestle between flat-roofed houses and all over the cobblestone streets, so bright the greys seemed as though on their way to a yellowish brown.

Eleanor sighed and took another sip of wine.

They had not sold quite as much as they hoped for, despite the crowds being large enough for the market squares to choke upon. All those people only made the heat worse. Eleanor was sweating in places she would rather not sweat.

Then, as if summoned, a fat old merchant appeared before their eyes.

The man seemed to walk upon a self-sewn carpet of vanity. His chest puffed proudly as he walked, almost as far out as his overfilled bag of a gut. His eyes were wide, his hair thin, and he had forgotten his neck at home. He was the ugliest man Eleanor had seen in years, and the vanity only told her that he was perfectly aware of it but tried desperately not to care.

As the thing advanced towards them, she shot Tomas a meaningful glance. Her husband made that little flick of his wrists she knew to mean a shrug, and his face revealed no more emotion than the market's cobblestone whereon they stood. With one foot, she traced the grooves between the stones, feeling a slight tension in her legs.

"That olive oil's no longer all getting sold today," the man said when he arrived, pointing at their stand. "Sun's setting, is it not? Time to pack up soon, no?" Heavy golden rings cut off circulation to his sausage fingers, making them look red and raw like a blind cripple's attempt at cooking meat.

"Perhaps it is," Tomas said. "What's it to you?"

"No good in returning home with a heavy-laden wagon, is there?" He scratched between two of his chins, which moistened the finger. "Your oil looks good and fresh. I'll lighten your wagon, all that's left, if you don't lighten my pouch as much. You following?"

Unsettling as the man was, there was sense in his offer. Lightly tapping her foot against a loose cobblestone, she wondered where he had so suddenly emerged from.

Had he been hiding inside their casks of vinegar or olive oil, somehow? The man's skin was so greasy, squeezed tight by his red silken vest, that it almost seemed plausible.

He continued negotiating with Tomas, huffing and puffing. Eleanor probably should've paid it more attention than she did, but she'd become mesmerized by how the man's golden chains glistened in the sunlight, almost as much as his skin did. The ensuing dance shared between her feet and the cobblestone's grooves, with an occasional urge to alternate between legs, was distracting, too.

When the transaction was finally completed and the creature went back to his hole, Eleanor realized he'd been making her nervous. Such rich pompous merchants were wont to cause simple folk like her and Tomas more trouble than this one had. Now that both he and all their wares were gone, she tried to relax. She reached for their wine flagon and gulped down the final bit that was left.

"I don't know if you were planning to start drinking the vinegar after," Tomas said, "but it's all been sold, love."

She wiped her lips. "What? Vinegar?"

He gave a shrug, a proper one now. "You've been drinking a lot. Like you don't want to stop."

"Yes, because it's hot." She threw herself against his chest, the black hair that draped just past her shoulders lightly swirling behind. "Here, you can smell the sweat."

"You smell of olives, but so do I," Tomas said. It was true. He did. "And of the wine," he added. "A little bit."

"Why does that wine concern you so?" She had to step away from him, and began loading empty casks into their wagon.

"You're eager to leave," Tomas observed. He did help her pack up, at least.

"Yes. All's sold, we might avoid the worst of the queues at the gates if we hurry." Suddenly, Eleanor felt awfully grateful for that grotesque man with a love for oil.

"Hurry? You're in a hurry?"

"I just don't like waiting in queues." She strained to lift a particularly heavy cask and regretted it.

"No." Tomas smiled. "You can never wait long."

"Yes, because it bores me." The more she kept on replying, the more foolish it sounded. She smoothed the skirt of her green sleeveless dress, hands feeling cold despite the heat.

Tomas, still smirking, rolled his eyes when he saw it. "This isn't going to be the harvest feast all over again, is it?"

Her hands, still at the sides of her skirt, each crumpled a fistful of fabric. "What harvest feast?" she said. "Are you certain you haven't had too much wine, love?" The tips of her boots were almost audibly scraping through the grooves below her now, careful not to stray too far apart. "Because I don't remember any harvest feast."

"Should I remind you?"

Eleanor crossed one foot over the other, leaving its groove. "Please don't."

###

To be continued, maybe.

*002*2025-03-27 21:58

{{8 hours ago, john442 said:

God damn this is really well written, great work! Very nice imagery throughout, very cool ❤️

}}

Thank you!

*005*2025-03-31 21:43

{{36 minutes ago, Krieger963 said:

Hell yeah, a fellow sucker for realism. Please, continue.

}}

I'm working on part 2 :).

Give me like 3 more days or so, not the fastest writer unfortunately

