Zoe at the music festival

Author: I like wet bikinis

*000*2018-09-10 16:00

Zoe had waited so long for the band, she did not want to give up her place, even though the beers were working their way through her system. She had enjoyed the performance, although she badly wanted to take a leak when they started. She got more and more uncomfortable during the performance, but still enjoyed it. She was almost glad when it ended, and immediately headed off to find a toilet.

Now absolutely desperate to relieve herself, she elbowed her way through the crowd until she caught sight of the row of portable toilets. Her heart sank. The queue for each was about twenty or thirty long. She gazed at the mass of people, seeing others who looked barely less needy than herself, many crossing their legs or wriggling in an obvious pee-dance, some even pressing their hands tightly to their crotches, as if they were holding in a plug.

Zoe felt another wave of liquid pressure, that made her whole body shudder slightly, as if she was shivering with cold. This time she could not stop herself releasing a quick dribble of pee, and she knew that her underwear was now slightly damp.

People were going in and out of the cubicles, but the queues were getting longer. Most of those waiting were women she realised. There men were using the portable urinals next to them, but there was a queue for them too. Moving a damn sight quicker though! Some men were even standing at the plastic fence around the urinals, pissing on to it. Despite her own need, Zoe found herself becoming quite fascinated by that, and she watched for a few moments.

A couple of girls marched up to the fence, found a spot between the men, turned, then quickly pulled down their jeans and squatted low over the grass. It took Zoe a moment or two to realise that they were having a wee in public. Two more joined them, then another three, then four more, all partially undressed, yet trying not to expose too much intimate flesh as they urinated on the ground. In no time at all, that area had become an unofficial – very public – ladies’ convenience, with more women standing impatiently waiting their chance to take over a patch of fence where they could crouch down and do their business.

One, bolder, or drunker, or perhaps just more desperate than the others could not wait even for that. She snatched down her pale blue denim shorts, and squatted where she stood, in the open, with people walking by on either side, only yards in front of Zoe. Her friend stood in front of her, as a half-hearted token shield. Zoe could clearly see a tight, sparkling stream arc from between her legs to play on the grass in front of her. More dribbles dripped from her buttocks. The peeing girl did not care. She just kept staring down, as if she was herself fascinated by creating her own golden stream.

Zoe was unable to pull her eyes away from the extraordinary scene in front of her. The peeing girl was now finishing. The stream died away; there were three short squirts, a couple of dribbles, and she was finished. She stood up, puling up her knickers and shorts, then carefully fastening them and fiddling with them to make herself comfortable. Meanwhile her blonde friend copied her example. Zoe could see that she was effortlessly beautiful; young, with a clear, pretty face, long blonde hair, and a slim well-proportioned figure. She shrugged the shoulder straps of her summer dress off, and pulled the whole dress to her knees as she dropped to a squat. She wriggled her knickers down her thighs, and Zoe saw the jet of pee shoot from her, squirting hard into the grass. She was as casually exhibitionist about the whole thing as her friend had been.

Zoe realised that she was herself standing with her legs crossed, and she was grabbing her own crotch through her cotton skirt. Even so, she had to keep staring at the blonde woman brazenly weeing in public, until she too had finished, stood up and rearranged her clothes. Zoe felt less self-conscious about displaying her own need so obviously. There were desperate women all around her, more still peeing in front of the fence, others jiggling about as they waited, and a few, like the two she had just watched, who were quickly popping squats just about anywhere, with no attempt to conceal the fact that they were emptying their liquids on the ground.

Zoe now imagined herself peeing in public. She knew she had no choice. She was sure that she could not keep control much longer. She knew that she would end up wetting her knickers while waiting if she joined a queue for the cubicles. She looked around, to see if there was somewhere at least half private. Just past the urinals there was a couple of large bins. She decided to go there. Quickly! She almost lost it then, and trickled again briefly through her knickers, and felt a little run of drips running down her leg..

She hurried away, clutching her groin. She noticed a couple of girls squatting in the corner of the urinal enclosure, They too were pissing on the ground, with men standing either side of them, pissing on the fence. She wondered if ever she might dare do that, watching the men pee while she herself took a tinkle. So many peeing in public!

She got to the bins. There were girls there already, squatting behind them. Others waiting even. And while she dithered about what to do, two girls hitched up their skirts, pulled down their knickers, and crouched, to piss on the ground in front of them. Her own situation was getting worse. The pressure from within was not constant. It came in waves. Another came and she had to go with it. She had to let a little more leak out. And then she realised she could not stop weeing. It was only a gentle trickle, but she could feel it hissing softly into her knickers, a tiny hot dribble running down her thighs. Behind the bins stretched a high, flat, green-painted wooded fence. There were blokes standing against it in several places, pissing on it.

It would do. It would have to. There was nowhere else. And she found herself in front of the fence. She turned, held her skirt, wondering whether to lift it, unsure what to do next. She had no choice. She was still leaking, gently wetting herself. Another pressure wave, quicker and more urgent than the last demanded that she let more out. Zoe afterwards couldn’t say whether she had decided to make herself comfortable by releasing her pee a little faster, or whether she had just lost the ability to hold it even to a trickle. Anyway, she decided to let a little out properly. She hitched up her skirt, and leaned back, feeling the cool wood of the fence against the cheeks of her bum. At the same time, she gave in to her need, and stopped trying to contain her water.

Immediately she found herself pissing hard into her knickers. She could not stop herself from pushing. With a shock, she realised that she was now uncontrollably going to the toilet, fully dressed, in public. She heard a splattering sound below her, felt hot splashes on the back of her ankles and the back of her calves. It was a new experience for her; she didn't know what she should be doing. Her hands were still on her hips, as if she were about to pull down her underwear, but she couldn't move. She felt hot liquid swirling inside her knickers, and tickles running down the back of her thighs. She could even hear the hissing noise as she pissed. Without thinking about it, she slightly parted her legs to keep dry.

Zoe knew she had lost control of her bladder. She realised she had no chance of ending her urination before she had released much more of her pee. She regained enough composure to think about what to do. She looked around. Two girls were beside her to the right, squatting in front of the fence, peeing next to her. Another, to her left, was just pushing down her jeans, and dropping to a crouch, also urinating. Beyond them, on both sides, there were men standing, cocks out, spraying the fence. Those nearest to her were looking at the other girls pissing, not at her. She decided there was now no point in undressing any further. She was wetting her knickers, and that was not going to get any worse.

She relaxed a little. She moved her hands down to her knees, so she would not look as if she were about to pull her pants down. Another girl stood in front of her, turned to face the crowd, parted her feet, and started to piss on the grass. Zoe wondered if she too was wetting herself, or if she was naked under her short denim skirt. Zoe also wondered if her own stream was flickering and sparkling in the light in the same way. She guessed it was, she was still peeing as hard as she could, and she imagined that most of the flow was squirting straight through the thin cotton between her legs. She looked down, and watched herself pouring into the frothy puddle in the grass between her feet for a while, then she looked around again, thinking she didn't want to look as if she was staring at the exposed cocks close by.

Zoe now felt the pressure inside her slacken. She wondered if she might be able to take back control and stop peeing. She decided not to try. She just kept on peeing on the ground, straight through her knickers. The two girls on her right had now finished, and were adjusting their clothing. Zoe felt her own stream weaken and begin to fade. So she decided to carry on until she was completely empty. Now she was deliberately wetting herself. She pushed and felt the flow strengthen again. Another girl was filling the empty space on her right, clumsily pushing down her leggings, then squatting as she began gently hosing the damp grass with another warm rush of pee.

Meanwhile Zoe had now emptied almost all of her pee on to the ground. With a couple of last squirts, and a short final trickle, she finished wetting her knickers. She waited a moment or two, for the drips to stop falling from her soaked cotton underwear, then reached behind and pushed herself up from the fence. She brushed down the back of her dress, and walked away to merge back into the crowd.

She did wet herself again that evening. She found herself bursting for a pee when the main band had left the stage, but before they returned for their encore. She had a good position, and did not want to leave, yet was sure that she would not be able to hold it, if she waited for the end of the performance, then pushed her way through the crowd to queue for an evil-smelling chemical toilet. So, she thought, she had the choice of missing the band, or pissing somewhere in public view, or she would wet herself again. Put like that, she thought, wetting herself seemed the best idea.

So she kicked off her shoes, put her feet together – she didn't want to create a waterfall – and tried to pee down her leg. Although she badly needed to piss, it took a lot of concentration before she could make herself start to urinate in her knickers, standing, fully clothed, in the middle of a crowd of strangers. She leaned slightly, to try to keep her right leg dry. At last she got going, and felt her hot pee swirling inside her knickers, and pouring down the back of her left leg. It felt wrong, and she felt her face glowing with self-consciousness. She wriggled her bare toes as the warm puddle spread around her feet. She smiled to herself, as she was sure nobody would realise she was relieving herself in public.

She didn't know she had been seen. Tom was standing right behind her. Early on he'd noticed her trim figure. He thought she looked cute. And then, as he watched her jiggling, he thought he might be seeing her pee-dance. He was convinced she had a full bladder, and needed to find somewhere to pee very soon, just from watching her body language. He noticed her remove her shoes, and then go very still. He couldn't quite believe that she was trying to command the release of her pee right where she stood in front of him, but guessed that might be what she was doing. He watched for any clues, any fiddling with underwear, but she kept her arms crossed.

And then he noticed the shiny wetness running down her leg, and pooling around her feet. She was pissing in her skirt! He pretended that his shoe lace needed attention, and crouched down. The bottom hem of her denim skirt was at his eye level, and he could see clear liquid pouring down her leg, running over the surface of her smooth skin. He reached out and touched the warm puddle spreading through the grass. There was no doubt. He was watching a pretty young woman pissing down her legs. He wondered whether she was naked under her skirt, or whether she was wetting herself. She was cool and casual about it, no doubt. Clearly she had decided on that as the time and place to wee, and she must have done it before – perhaps an accidental desperate wetting? – to be so unflustered now.

He watched her until she had finished, and slipped back into her shoes. She now looked much more relaxed. He decided to introduce himself to her. He'd like to get to know her better, and she looked like she might be good company for the rest of the festival.

*008*2018-09-18 19:09

{{On 9/10/2018 at 6:25 PM, largebio said:

Amazing story!

}}

Thank you!

{{On 9/10/2018 at 6:38 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I loved that

}}

Thank you!

{{On 9/10/2018 at 7:48 PM, Ondinist said:

Superb!

}}

Ta!

{{On 9/12/2018 at 9:37 PM, iop098 said:

Very well written wetting scene.

}}

Thank you for the kind words.

{{On 9/13/2018 at 1:41 PM, Batman007 said:

Great story pls do more

}}

Thank you. I wrote it for myself some time ago and found it when looking for something else. I'd actually forgotten about it.

{{On 9/17/2018 at 1:56 PM, Tibarary said:

Very great story, especially the first part!!

}}

Thank you for the encouragement. I thought it needed a bit more after the first part, but didn't want to repeat the story, or go on too long.

*009*2018-09-18 19:16

{{21 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

What a twist! Lol, I didn't expect that ending. But really lovely from beginning to end in part because it implies the softening of her attitude toward peeing and even wetting in public. Zoe is a convert.

}}

Thank you. I'm glad to have sprung a surprise (as well as Zoe springing a leak). I've seen girls at music festivals get very casual about peeing in public later in the day.

