Amelia’s New Job

Author: Interex

*000*2024-01-06 05:19

Finally, Amelia had made it. After trying to become a journalist for years, she was finally in the thick of it. Years of coffee spilled as an intern trying to get back to the office in time, countless hours of researching well into the night when she should be sleeping, and many annoyed and neglected ex-boyfriends have paid off. She finally landed a job with a popular newspaper out of Chicago. She could not wait to get started.

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

“Wow! I can’t believe it’s morning already!” Amelia thought to herself. She couldn’t bear to open her eyes as the sun was already beaming into her 4th story apartment. Amelia had done quite well for herself while in her internships. Managing to pinch pennies wherever and whenever possible, she was able to afford a nicer place in downtown Chicago. Modern interior and a nice view of a park. The only problem? The insufferable ball of hot plasma millions of miles away. She fumbled for the alarm. Finally managing to hit the snooze button due to sheer luck. However, she had no plan on snoozing today. She had to get ready in order to make sure her first day goes smoothly and she wasn’t going to risk that with a dastardly missed snooze.

Amelia rolled over in bed, sat up, and stepped into her pink slippers. The floors in this place were always so cold in the morning, regardless of what the weather was outside. “That’s odd..” She thought to herself. “Normally I need to pee pretty bad when I wake up. I must’ve been forgetting to stay hydrated yesterday because of my nerves.” Walking to the bathroom, Amelia caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her wavy brown hair was a tattered mess from bed. “I have plenty of time. I’m going to take a quick shower and fix this all up.” 

She turned the faucet and the shower started to life. Although, she still had to wait for it to heat up. Sometimes it can take upwards of 2 minutes to finally get heat. A quirk of living here. “God what I wouldn’t do for instant hot water! Once I start collecting my new paycheck, I’m going to see what I can do about that.” Finally, after cursing capitalism for her lack of hot water, Amelia stepped gingerly out of her black and white striped panties. They were her favorite to sleep in as they made her feel so free under the covers. Like she’s wearing nothing at all. She would sleep in the nude, but too many 3am visits from her friend Sandra have made her think twice. “Heh. That was an awkward moment.” She chuckled to herself. After unclasping her matching bra, Amelia stepped into the shower.

After an uneventful shower, Amelia needed a quick breakfast. Normally she would make something herself but, because today was a special day, she wanted to grab her favorite breakfast at the cafe down the street: Pancakes and eggs. After getting dressed in a smart outfit, a tasteful gray pencil skirt and a crisp, white blouse, she was out the door. She began her walk to the cafe.

As she walked she noticed a slight *pang* in her bladder. “Oh THERE it is!” she laughed to herself. “I’ll just have to use the facilities in the cafe. I really mustn’t turn back.” The continued on for a little while, but after a few more minutes, she noticed her need to piss increase at a rapid rate. “Fuck me! Apparently I was hydrated enough! Now I’ve gotta get a move on. I need to piss, then eat, then be on my way. Good thing I woke up early enough.” She thought.

That’s when everything changed. Every step she took felt like she was walking through quicksand. Her limbs felt heavy and weak. She wasn’t very far from the cafe. “Hell! I can see it!” She thought. “What is happening!? I know I didn’t have breakfast right away this morning but dammit body, I’m getting you food!” She was now struggling with each step. Her bladder began to bear down on her, attempting to escape. She was now squirming with each troubled and strained step. Holding her hands in between her legs, although it wasn’t doing much good. Her pencil skirt was too tight.

As she hobbled along, suddenly everything went back to normal. Except for the fact that she was on the verge of peeing her white panties. She broke into a sprint for the cafe, holding herself as best she could and stopping every so often to cross her legs and whine. She was at her limit. Finally she opened the front door. The hostess looked up to say hi but immediately pointed poor Amelia to the bathroom. “Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck!” She exclaimed out loud as she ran for the bathroom. Her bladder had finally betrayed her. With each step, a new fresh, steaming spurt of pee entered her white panties. Well, now mostly white. She ripped open the bathroom door and clamored into the stall. Amelia lifted up her skirt and

*HISSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

Amelia let loose what felt like an entire lakes worth of piss into the toilet. Not just the toilet however, her poor, white (now yellow) panties were completely soaked. She didn’t have time to take them down and got lost in the pure relief. Her face flushed and felt hot. She had wet herself like a little girl on her first day. How was she supposed to continue going on with her morning? She took off her panties and discarded them quickly after flushing the pee that made it into the toilet. A trail followed her in of little pee droplets. She was mortified. But then again… why did she feel so warm and wet still. “Wait a moment!” She thought. “Why does my entire back feel wet??”

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

Amelia woke up in a panicked sweat. Wait… no that isn’t sweat. “I’m SOAKED!” Her entire back from her neck, to her toes, was completely soaked in her pee. She looked over at the alarm clock. She was already 10 minutes late. “Oh fuck me” she sobbed. In defeat she let out the rest of her bladder into the bed. Her phone began to rang.

To be continued

