Animal Crossing Omorashi (Redd)

Author: insert user

*000*2020-05-07 08:03

Hi ^_^

Disclaimers:

All characters belong to Nintendo. (Except Kiwi and Mia that I've created)

I'm French so if I make any mistakes, please don't judge, same thing goes if I misuse any words.

I've never written a fanfiction before, so this might be kinda cringey.

I also posted this on Wattpad, you might come across it there!

If you have any tips on how to be better at writing, please tell me! I'd love to improve ^^

And if you have any suggestions for other characters/situations, tell me.

Basic info: The story will unveal in a town (We'll call it Lemon Town, I'm not very creative) If you're not familiar with animal crossing, it's a game. The characters used will be a human version of them, so not in their animal form.

###

It was a cool day in Lemon town. Everything was calm and peaceful.

Redd, a handsome guy with red hair, wearing great pants and a white-ish shirt had recently arrived at this island. Unfortunately, one of the other residents known as Tom Nook didn't exactly like having him around.

They have a touchy backstory.

Redd came out of his small boat cabin, on a mission of some sort to gain Tom Nook's trust. He wanted to work with him again, without scamming people, or selling fake paitings. He went towards a small bar. A short yet lovely walk was involved.

He saw Tom Nook talking to his assistant, Isabelle. She was short, blonde and quite cute.

He sneaked up behind Tom, got next to his ear and whispered ''Boo!"

Tom jumped. he turned around to see the tall guy standing behind him. Redd was significantly taller than him.

"You!"

"Hello, Nookie." He said, smiling.

''Don't call me Nookie."

"You can't stop me."

''What do you want, Redd.''

"I just came by to say hello, why else?"

Isabelle stared at both of them.

"I already told you to leave. I meant it."

''You know I ain't leaving." He said, with a devilish smile.

"You came here for a reason. What is it that you want."

"I want to talk to you. I want to work with you, start all over again. No scammin', no lyin'. I promise. I just want to work with you again.'' He passionately said.

Tom looked away.

''Fine, we'll talk. Give me a date and place and I'll be there. This better not be a prank.''

Redd smiled and giggled. He wrote down a loaction and a time.

"I'll be there in a few hours, see ya!"

He ran off, excited.

Tom took the note, looking irritated.

Redd got back to his boat and entered the cabin.

I sure hope this works out! I can't wait to work with him again, he's a great business partner!

He smiled and started eating an apple.

This is great! I can finally work with him, this is gonna be so fun!

He got up and grabbed some water, finishing the entire bottle and slamming it onto the table in excitement.

He told him to go to the new cafe that had recently opened, hosted by Rosie, a cute blue haired girl.

A few hours later, it was almost time. He drank another bottle, tried making his hair look good (although it already looked perfect), and hastily walked out his boat. He felt his bladder slowly filling up.

Ah, who cares, I have to get to the cafeeeee!

He happily walked along the path, soon arriving to the cafe. He opened the door to see Rosie, but nobody else.

''Pretty quiet here, huh?

''Yep! It's okay though, people are hanging out at the beach because of the nice weather! I would too, but I want to be here for any customers!'' She explained.

''Oh, I see.''

He walked over to the counter and looked at the menu.

''Hey, what's this?" He asked, pointing to an item.

''That's boba tea!" She happily replied.

"Gimme one of those, please."

He walked to a table and sat down, waiting for Tom Nook to arrive.

"Coming right up!"

He felt his bladder getting heavier by the second.

Ugh, this is uncomfortable...

He was too lazy to ask where the bathroom was. He squeezed his legs together when he heard the door open. Tom Nook was there. He spotted Redd and sat infront of him.

''Hello.'' Nook said, coldly.

''Hey.''

A few minutes went by of them Redd trying to convince Tom he had changed, that he was a better person.

He felt a painful and unpleasant twinge in his bladder, which caused him to groan.

''Erm, are you okay?'' Tom asked, slightly confused.

''Y-yeah.'' He started rubbing his legs together.

An hour goes by.

''I'll give you a second chance. You better not have lied about this.''

Redd jumped out of his seat and hugged him. His hard bladder pressed against Tom's side, causing Redd to back off and squeeze his eyes shut, restraining himself to not hold his crotch.

''First off. No hugs, Second, you're acting weird. What's wrong.''

''Nothing...'' Redd tried acting as normal as possible. ''How 'bout you show me your office, hm?''

''Uhh... Sure, why not.''

Tom Nook's office was inside the town hall, which was rather far away.

Ugh, come on. You're not a child. You can hold it. He felt pain. He never had to go this bad before. This feels like torture...

Redd payed for their drinks, and they both headed out the cafe.

He walked alongside Tom, keeping his legs as close as he could.

Why did I drink so much... I forgot I had a small bladder...

Halfway there, Redd decided to descretely hold his crotch. It worked, in a way. He felt like his bladder was about to explode.

After what felt like hours, they finally arrived at the town hall.

Tom opened the doors and went to his office. He pulled out a bunch of keys.

''Uhh... which one is it again...'' He mumbled to himself.

Behind him, Redd was holding his crotch as hard as he could. He had his legs tightly squeezed together.

''Ah, this one!'' Tom happily announced opening the door.

Redd went back to his normal pose and walked in, slowly. He looked around. It was slightly messy.

''Take a seat, here.''

Redd walked to the chair he was pointing at and sat down.

''U-uh... N-nice p-place...'' He said.

''Thank you.'' Tom replied.

He walked over to his seat. Tom started talking about future plans for the island. But Redd could only concentrate on one thing. His painful bladder.

Shortly after the conversation started, a fire alarm sound went off in the entire town.

''Wh-what's t-this a-ab-about?!'' Redd exclaimed, jumping out his chair.

''Woah, calm down, it's just a test run. All citizens must stay in their houses for a few hours. It's no big deal, just a test to make sure everyone knows what to do in case this alarm goes off. We have to stay in this office and lock the door.''

''Wh-why...'' Redd asked, desperately needing to use the bathroom.

''Rules are rules. It should last 4 hours or so...''

He went towards the door to lock it, but Isabelle opened it before he could, and slammed it behind her, terrified.

''Isabelle, what's going on...'' Tom asked, confused.

''This was supposed to be a test, right? Well *She caught her breath* It's not... There's actual danger...''

She explained what was going on. (Pretend some dangerous people had infiltrated the island to do bad things :P)

Tom took the keys and locked the door, closed the blinds and turned on the lights.

''What are we supposed to do now...'' He said.

Redd looked around the room, trying to see if there was a bathroom. He was about to burst, his legs still squeezed together, bringing Tom's attention to him.

''Redd... You look worried, what's wrong...''

He fell to his knees.

What am I supposed to do?! We're going to be locked in here for hours, and they'res not a bathroom in sight!...

''Redd, seriously.'' Tom walked up to him, and noticed he was holding himself as hard as he possibly could.

''W-wait... What...''

Redd grabbed the desk, one hand between his legs, shakily getting up.

He groaned in pain. Tom went to him and helped him up.

''Why didn't you go back at the cafe...''

''I-I di-didn't w-want to b-bother you...'' Redd stuttered.

Tom felt bad for him. He could hardly stand up. Isabelle was still standing next to the locked door.

''W-what d-do I d-do...'' He whispered.

''Uh...'' Tom grabbed a chair and sat him down.

He looked around, trying to think of something to help Redd, yet nothing came to mind.

Redd yelped as pee leaked out of him.

''N-no...P-Please... n-no..! I-I...''

He managed to stop, biting his lip.

Tom blushed lightly, as he'd never seen Redd like this. He was usually an evil, tall boy with a devilish smirk, and here, he was a poor, helpless guy.

''I-I...You shouldn't hurt yourself like this...''

Redd blushed as he had completely forgotten about Tom. He stared at him. He leaked again and jumped out of his seat, Tom went back to him so he wouldn't fall.

He leaked again, a wet spot slowly spreading. It was now visible, he couldn't hide it with his hands.

''N-Nooo...! I-I c-can't... n-not n-now... n-not h-here..!'' He squeaked.

Isabelle, pretending to read, stared at the whole thing, shocked.

Why can't I just hold it?!... I can't wet myself...like a child...! Everyone will hear about it...

He fell to his knees, leaking more and more, making his pants darker and darker. He suddenly lost control. A puddle was forming beneath him, his pants becoming darker by the second.

He bit his lip.

''Mmh...''

The pain in his bladder was fading away, he had never felt better than this. He could only think about the wonderful feeling of relief he was experiencing.

Tom was staring at him. So was Isabelle.

After what seemed like forever, his bladder was almost empty. A huge, warm puddle was underneath him.

He came back to his senses and realised both Tom and Isabelle were right there.

He turned to Tom, scared. His eyes were watery and he was about to cry.

He had just wet himself infront of the one guy he wanted to work with.

What am I supposed to do now..?!

A tear rolled down his cheek as he stared Tom in the eyes.

''W-Wait, don't cry...'' Tom said, lending him his hand.

Redd looked at his hand and looked back at him.

Tom insisted.

He grabbed his hand and pulled himself up. He stared down at his puddle, in shame.

''I'm so pathetic...'' he quietly whispered.

''What?'' Nook asked, worried.

''Nothing...'' he replied.

They heard a knock from the door.

It slammed open as two unkown figures took of their masks.

''April Fools!'' They shouted. It was two of the island residents, Kiwi and Mia.

They stared at Redd, shocked.

On the other hand, Redd wanted to cry, but punch someone at the same time.

Nook broke the awkward silence:

''You two?! Why?!''

Feeling terribly embarrassed, Redd suddenly walked out the office, ran to a path that no one used to get back to his boat without being humiliated.

''Redd, wait!''

Tom started running after him.

Redd had already gotten in his cabin. He fell to the ground and started sobbing.

He won't want to work with me... Kiwi and Mia will tell EVERYBODY... I'll never hear the end of it...

The door opened and Tom ran up to Redd.

''Redd...'' He started.

He went to his room and looked for a cupboard. He found one, and got some clean clothes.

He went back to Redd.

''Hey, get up...''

He looked up to see Tom.

''Why are you being nice...'' He said, sad looking.

''Because that wasn't your fault.''

He took Redd's hand and pulled him up, heading to his bathroom. He put the clothes on a table looking thing.

''I'll be outside.''

Redd was surprised. In a good way though. He smiled and showered. After he was done, he put on the white summer shorts and the black shirt Tom had picked out.

He walked out. Tom greeted him with a hug.

''I thought you said ''no hugs''.''

''Just this once.''

~The End~

I hope you liked this, it's my first ever fanfic :3

