The slave market - part 4 - auction day

Author: I like wet bikinis

*000*2018-10-02 21:04

Many thinks to all who have commented on the story so far, either in the thread itself, or in a PM.

If you are coming to this without having read the earlier parts, here are links to:

The introduction (which sets the scene) - part 1

Part 2 (which describes the events at the viewing day before the auction)

Part 3 (which is first thing in the morning before this part starts)

Links from them will take you back to here.

Despite Leena’s delightful enthusiasm for carnal pleasure, Luke and I met again as planned and arrived at the market on auction day in good time. Today Simon let us into the hall even before any of the nubiles were on display. They were still being readied for the viewing. If it was the same as when Leena was sold, the girls wouldn’t know they were being auctioned. They would think today would be no different from yesterday.

The first six girls were pushed out into the hall, all completely naked. They saw the cages again and guessed that they would be in one of them all day again. The eunuchs who were there to lead them to the cages were in no hurry. They were checking that the right girls were in the group, and that they knew which cage to take them too. They checked each girl’s brand tattoo carefully.

One of the girls made a quick decision to wee now, while the room was still empty. She squatted where she was and began to urinate. A dark puddle ran across the flagstones. Another copied her, and then two more so now there were four girls squatting to wee. The last two were too modest to do so although they must have realised that, as yesterday, they would end up having to pee in public before very long.

Over the next hour or so, that episode repeated itself as each group of six girls came out, unclothed. Some of them would quickly take the last opportunity for a piss with few watching, before entering their cages. Most squatted, but a few were in that half-standing position I call the hover. Those gave a better view of their bums, their cracks, and their pee squirting from them on to the ground. A few others sat on the ground to pee; some with their feet out in front of them, some with their knees pulled in to their breasts and feet flat on the ground. Two knelt on the ground, with their bums as low as possible and peed in that position, kneeling in their own puddles as they made them. Some went as soon as they got into the hall, near the entrance. Most pissed on the ground near their cage, before going in. Probably more than half of them peed in front of us. In that hour we must have seen about forty or fifty slave girls urinate on the ground.

As yesterday, throughout the day they were given plenty to drink, and they had to take it. Merchants’ slaves brought out trays with six beakers. Each girl was handed one and the waiting slave would watch them drink the contents. The eunuchs watched too, so it was clear that there would be consequences if a girl refused to drink, so none did. It was quite fun watching a pretty girl, stark naked and bursting for a wee, having to drink, jiggling uncomfortably with one hand stuffed in her groin. It made sense for the drinks to be, as Leena had said, cold honey-sweetened coffee. It would be a treat for them, and keep their energy up over a couple of busy days for them, as well as protecting them from the heat. It would also go straight through them and keep them peeing frequently.

Now the girls were back in their cages, their need for pee quickly increased and again they were locked in and not allowed out. By the time the last cage was filled, two of the girls in the first one were beginning to show their desperation. Looking around, it seemed that many of the girls – probably all who had not taken the opportunity to pee on the ground before entering their cages – were already fidgeting and uncomfortable. With all the girls ready for display, the doormen stepped aside and allowed the impatient viewers outside to enter. In the main hall, we heard the noise of their approach. So too did the girls.

The two wriggling in the first cage exchanged a glance and then squatted low in opposite corners, facing each other. They both looked across the hall at the main entrance as they piddled on the floor, hoping they would have finished emptying their bladders before many would have the chance to watch them. Other women had much the same idea. I don’t know whether they had planned this as the nearest thing that they would have to a private moment when peeing. I suspect that most of them had already ignored their growing need to urinate because of the lack of privacy, and suddenly realised that the situation was about to get a whole lot worse very quickly.

In any case, suddenly there were pretty heads bobbing down in all the cages and girls sticking out their bums as they squatted down to piss. It was almost as if someone had given them an order and they were all going at once. I say ‘all’, but I guess it was at least half of them. Everywhere I looked I could watch a urinating nubile. There were a couple in most cages, three or four in some. It was like the end of the day before when you could hear the hissing sound of dozens of girls’ urethras open to expel their urine and pee streams splattering on wood all across the room. Most who squatted tried to get low, to release their pee close to the floor.

They usually leaned forward. This was the best concealment they could get when they had nowhere to hide when they went to the toilet. Some didn’t squat. A few perched on a bench and pissed in a sitting position. A small number tried even harder than the squatters to show as little as possible. They just pissed where they sat, on the floor, in their own puddle. A few just bent over and pissed straight down, in a hovering position.

Sadly, it didn’t last long, and I didn’t have time to glance at more than a few of them. And then the viewers were among them, wondering why the cage floors were glistening wet.

*002*2018-10-04 21:10

Today’s viewers were more serious than were yesterday’s. The auction would start this afternoon. The viewers were men (and a few women) with money who were thinking about how they might bid. They were looking closely at the girls they might bid for, asking them to turn, pose and stretch so they could appraise their bodies. Luke and I thought there might be fewer girls peeing, at least over the next couple of hours, when so many had just emptied themselves. We thought we’d just look around for a bit.

We wandered around the cages. As we thought, there were a few girls starting to become uncomfortable. Very occasionally one would pee, but we never quite seemed to be in the right place at the right time and didn’t get a good view of the performance. We weren’t going to get bored however. There were six dozen naked young women on public display, each one lovely, and each one different.

When we bumped into Simon I mentioned that I was thinking of giving his scribe my sealed bids for Lily and Holly. I had worked out how much of my allowance I thought I might be able to fritter away on them without incurring my father’s wrath. I’d prefer to put in a sealed bid otherwise, win or lose, the city would be gossiping about what it meant for my family’s fortunes. He asked what I might bid. When I told him, he frowned and said that he thought he probably already had a sealed bid above that figure, but went away to check with his scribe.

There was a bit of liveliness in the crowd across the hall. We went to see. It turned out that a couple of warriors were at the centre of it. None of the cages held more than a single warrior. It would be asking for trouble to keep them together. These two were in opposite cages. Both looked like warriors should, tall and muscular with short hair. Both were standing facing each other, fists on hips, legs astride, so it was easy to admire the tone of their abdominal and back muscles. The blonde was named Runa and the brunette was Chiara.

It turned out that there had been a bit of banter between them. Runa had just had her first piss of the day – there was a large dark puddle on the wood behind her, glistening as it soaked in – and Chiara had mocked her week bladder. This had now turned into a challenge between them. They had demanded extra drinks which had, of course been refused. However, a eunuch had reported the developing situation to the owning merchants, rather than simply wading in and putting a stop to it. The owners had conferred briefly and seen the value in allowing the entertainment to continue.

Waiters were summoned and given instructions on how to help the challenge. Two now appeared, bearing trays of drinks. Runa nodded to Chiara. The contest was on. But first, Chiara would empty herself. Standing motionless, she opened the tap and pissed. She hosed the floor in front of her with a strong stream. Runa just watched, then decided she would also make sure she was fully empty and forced a spurt from her own lips. Runa didn’t pee for long, but Chiara kept going. Eventually her flow faded, but she kept forcing it out, so a steady dribble kept draining to splash between her feet.

Runa and Chiara each grabbed a beaker, raised it to their lips and drained it in one. The waiter started to hand out the rest of the drinks to the others in both cages. Runa objected, saying that the contest was between only her and Chiara. A eunuch stepped forward. He explained that the orders were that all girls in the cage had to drink the same. The other ten girls suddenly realised that they were going to be active participants in the hold-it challenge too.

In Chiara’s cage, Kaira, a striking, freckled blonde started to argue with Chiara. Chiara apologised but said she had offered the challenge, and Runa had accepted. Chiara was not going to lose it by backing down now. She asked Runa if she was going to concede. Runa would not. Chiara and Runa both went into a bit of a huddle with the girls in their cage. The result seemed to be that they all accepted they would have to match the warriors’ drinks although only Chiara and Runa were in the challenge. The other girls could pee whenever and as often as they needed. Some of the others seemed unhappy with that. Two or three in each cage were already crossing their legs and wriggling. But, in the end, they all agreed. Kaira took the beaker and started to drink.

As soon as all the girls had drained their drinks more waiters arrived bearing trays and handed out fresh drinks. Chiara and Runa took theirs first, and gulped down the contents while the others were taking theirs. A third batch of drinks arrived, and the scene repeated itself.

A petite auburn-haired girl called Carla, in Runa’s cage had reached her limit. She had grabbed her crotch tight and was squeezing it with one hand while using the other to drink. She drained her beaker, handed it back, and then apologised to those standing nearest to her, saying that she was really sorry, but she was going to have to take a piss right now. She went on to say that of course if anyone wanted to watch, they could, but she would like it if people chose to look away.

With that, she dropped down on all fours, squatting on her toes, with her fingertips helping her balance. A dark, frothy puddle formed under her and quickly grew in all directions as she released a vigorous spray of pee.

*003*2018-10-06 10:05

Two other girls in Runa’s cage who were also having to use their hands to try to hold in their pee were Zaza, tanned, with shoulder length straight black hair and Nikita, pale skinned, with long, wavy honey-blonde hair that reached half way down her back. They also decided they could hold on no longer and copied Carla in squatting to wee. Nikita pissed a chaotic, irregular stream that wet both her buttocks and fell in a dramatic waterfall of pee as if from a multitude of sources.

Zaza pissed a neat, precise stream with such force that Emma and Valerie, two other girls in the cage, had to step quickly aside as she was spraying them with droplets of pee splashing from the wooden floor.

Across in Chiara’s cage a willowy brunette named Luna was also losing control. She was squeezing her thighs together and bending her knees and waist as she drank. With her left hand she reached from behind to try to press closed the lips of her vulva.

Drinking triggered a leak from the other end and a gentle stream of pee began to run down the backs of her legs to pool around her heels. Now her beaker was empty she urgently tapped it on the arm of another girl, Ellie, who first looked irritated, then saw that Luna was pissing down her legs and took the beaker. Luna immediately bent her knees and parted her thighs. She was no longer obstructing the flow and her piss gushed out of her and splattered on the boards behind her. Luna slowly lowered herself while she continued urinating so she ended up squatting, almost sitting in her own puddle.

Still the drinks kept arriving. The girls who had just emptied their bladders – and the others – had to accept a fourth drink. And after that four more rounds arrived in quick succession. I guessed that all of them must have quickly taken on more than two pints.

Kaira, in Chiara’s cage was the next girl we saw peeing. She had been the first to protest about her involvement in a drinking contest. She had looked then as if she badly needed to go and now looked completely desperate, kneeling on the floor with both hands rubbing her groin. She must have decided that there was no point fighting for control any longer.

She carefully removed her hands and laid them on her lap. Delicately biting her lip she looked left and right. Then looking straight ahead her face showed a distant expression. She had moved the focus of her concentration to that private space between her legs, where she carefully relaxed her grip. She must have been intending to wee gently, just letting her pee trickle quietly from her. Perhaps, she thought, it might just seep through the gaps in the floor boards without anyone noticing her going to the toilet in front of them.

But she was too full to get away with relieving herself in such a delicate lady-like manner. Once her pee began running freely out of her body she felt an uncontrollable urge to push it out and it began splashing and squirting below her. She heard the loud hissing noise, realised her peeing was no secret and felt her pretty, freckled face turn red. She put her head in her hands as we watched a trickle run out from under her pert little bum and quickly spread into a large glistening puddle around her haunches.

Neither of the warriors was looking uncomfortable yet. In Chiara’s cage two of the girls, Ellie and Mira both looked like women who needed to pee, but Caroline seemed more relaxed. Valerie, in the other cage, also seemed much less fidgety than Emma, who was sitting on the bench jogging her legs up and down.

Emma, with her copper-golden hair, was the next to go to the toilet on the floor. She just decided that it was time to pee, walked unhurriedly into a corner of the cage, arms by her sides, turned, closed her eyes, elegantly squatted and then let it flow. She kept her eyes closed the whole time she was pissing. Perhaps she felt that she was somewhere private if she could not see those whose eyes were on her.

She remained serenely still as she emptied herself, her line of pee briskly playing on the floor between her toes. Even when she had finished, Emma kept her eyes lightly closed while she gracefully rose to her feet, opening them only to step forward from her puddle. She didn’t look down. It was as if she had gone to a different place to pee.

*005*2018-10-10 16:34

I had just watched eight of the twelve girls in those two cages as they peed. I tried to guess which of the others might be the next to piddle. Probably not Valerie, or Caroline, I thought. Ellie and Mira both looked as if they were beginning to wonder if it was time to give in to the inevitable.

Mira went to the edge of the cage and beckoned to the closest guard. He stepped towards her. She said something. He nodded, walked to the bag of sawdust, scooped a quantity into his hands and took it over to her. Head down – she did not want to make eye contact with anyone – she put it down in the far corner of her enclosure. She made a small bowl in the middle of it.

Then she squatted low over it and began to piss a fierce stream into it. Her wee pooled in it and the foamy liquid swirled round, mixed with the sawdust. A little stream escaped from the pile of sawdust and she had to move her foot out of the wetness. She kept peeing, knees apart so she could watch that she remained on target. When she finished she just stood up and walked back to her previous place, without looking back.

Ella was still sitting on the bench, looking up at the roof and jiggling her knees. She seemed determined to hold on a while longer.

I was then distracted by a loud splashing noise behind. I turned to see, in another cage, that a tall, thin, blonde was casually peeing, hands on knees, hosing the floor behind her heels. She was one of the girls who seemed to have got used to the idea of pissing like a farmyard animal, just unselfconsciously releasing the contents of her bladder when she needed to, without taking any notice of where she was or who was watching her.

A couple of the others in her cage had expressions of disapproval. It seemed that they thought she had let standards slip too far. I did wonder just what they imagined they might do when they next had to pee. Perhaps call for a maid to bring a screen and chamber pot? Or receive indulgence to take themselves away to a private place? No, they would find themselves publicly using the wooden floor as their toilet yet again.

Something had amused the urinating blonde. She had a lovely smile. I asked her name; Talia. She apologised that she had just started peeing and was unable to stop. If I didn’t mind waiting for her to finish she would come over and chat in a moment. I told her I was happy to wait and asked her if she minded me watching while she pissed.

She didn’t mind. She was proud of her figure – rightly so – and offered to show me her cunt. I didn’t get a chance to argue, she turned her bum so I could see from behind the lips of her pussy and her pee pouring out of them. Her pee died away and stopped. She remained in position, and announced there was a bit more. Indeed there was. Another gush poured out and splashed loudly on the floor behind her and then she was finished.

Talia did a little curtsey to me and came over to talk. She had been born a slave in a large house – I was able to have a good guess at whose – and expected to be a household slave in a similar house once she was sold. She had a good idea what the future contained for her. She wanted to be bought by a kind family. She knew how to serve food and drink. I asked for and she gave me a demonstration with imaginary servings. This involved a lot of bending over and swaying her hips as she walked. She was of course showing off her slim waist, long legs and fine figure. I wondered if she was hoping to influence who her new master might be.

I bade her farewell, and visited another cage where a slave had just caught my eye. Sophia was her name; she had wavy brown hair that flowed half way down her back and hazel eyes. She was edging sideways towards the edge of the bench on which she was sitting when I first spotted her. By the time I arrived, she was sitting on the left edge, leaning in and supporting her weight on her right arm.

She raised her left leg slightly and began peeing on the floor, squirting her stream sideways and down over the top of the back of her inner thigh. Her pee gushed and sprayed messily, with several little rivers running from her lips over her skin in the curve between buttock and thigh. With her left hand she reached behind and pulled open the lips of her pussy to release a free flow. The pressure quickly fell away and her full stream then ran over her skin to the top of the waterfall.

Sophia kept facing the other direction whole time she was pissing, chatting casually to the naked girl sitting beside her. Soon the flow died away to nothing and she sat up straight as if nothing had happened.

I wandered on from there. I noticed Chloe, a dark haired girl in anther enclosure who seemed to be standing strangely still in a slightly stiff pose. Then I spotted the puddle that had just started to appear around her foot. Looking slightly higher I could she that she was urinating on the inside of her thigh, and the pee was streaming down her leg.

Chloe remained entirely still, apart from the liquid flickering in the gap between her thighs for the whole time it took her to empty her bladder, pee streaming down her leg. When at last she had finished she visibly relaxed and stepped out of her puddle and away from it as if it were nothing to do with her.

*006*2018-10-11 22:59

Another instalment...

[All feedback greatly appreciated, particularly suggestions for improvements!]

I found my way back to Holly and Lily. I’d been thinking about my conversation this morning, in bed with Leena and how little she had been told about what was going on when she was merchandise on display in a cage. They recognised me, and greeted me almost as a friend. I asked them if they had been told what was going on. They knew that all the slaves were for sale, and the viewers were potential buyers. They knew that they were likely to end up as maids in a wealthy household, perhaps living in a harem. They accepted that almost as if it were their natural position in life. They were not worried about it – although they hoped for a kind owner – and thought they would have a more pleasant life in that situation than many free women could hope for. That might be true.

I questioned them about the auction. They had only a hazy idea of what to expect for the afternoon. I thought it better to say no more about it. They were not concerned, and I thought it might be unkind to tell them information that might worry them.

Holly told me she hoped I would bid for Lily, who said she thought I should bid for Holly. I laughed and said perhaps I might bid for both, to start my own harem. They seemed surprised I did not have one, so I explained that I had only recently reached my majority. I was still living under my father’s roof. Lily asked if I had lain with a woman. It was an impertinent question, particularly from a slave, but her manner was so charming and flirtatious that I could not object.

I told them that my father had sent a girl he owned into my chamber on the eve of my sixteenth birthday. She was called Crystal, and he had noticed how she had caught my eye around the house. She was about the same age as me. Telling the story reminded me how I had woken up, in the small hours, my cock hard as a rock in her warm hands. I had felt her in the darkness, explored her soft naked body, feeling for the first time a girl’s breasts and cunt. In my excitement, I think I came three times before I finally managed to slide into her.

I asked if they knew what would be expected of them if they became harem girls. It turned out they knew exactly what they should do, and how to do it. And they had some experience too. They had hopes for the physical attributes for their new owner, as well as his kindness. Or her attributes. Both of them enjoyed physical intimacy with other women as well as men. I could see that they might be very valuable additions to a harem. I mentioned that was information absent from the board outside their cage and asked if they had any other skills that a buyer might want to know about. They did. Both were dancers. They saw the surprise on my face and offered to dance for me immediately.

I agreed without hesitation, of course. These two girls had a way of springing surprises. Not for the first time, I wondered how much of my allowance I might be able to use to buy either or both of them. Holly surprised me again by asking me if I minded if she had a pee first. Otherwise she might leak while dancing. I told her that was fine. Lily said she would go too. Holly explained that she didn’t want to dance in a puddle of pee. So she came to the edge of the cage and squatted with her pussy between two bars of the cage (she was a natural blonde, with trimmed, soft downy hair between her legs). She pulled herself right up to the bars and pissed a silvery arc through the air to splash on the flagstones next to me.

Lily copied her on the other side of me and released her urine too. She apologised that I had to watch her pee, but she didn’t really have anywhere else that she could go. Also, she thought, grinning, I seemed to quite enjoy it. With a smile, I agreed. In truth, I was enjoying it so much that I was close to making an embarrassing mess in my own clothes. Lily had darker hair than Holly, and hers was trimmed shorter. She had neat, smooth lips to her cunt. A single thin stream was squirting from them, but another trickle was dribbling, curling down her bum cheek and dripping from there.

The girls chatted to each other about the dance they were about to do, agreeing the choreography, while they emptied their bladders in two feminine fountains. They had drawn quite a crowd to my side of the cage. Behind them Kim, a small, tanned girl with waist-length straight black hair was taking advantage of the distraction to squat beside the bench in their cage. Her stream of piss began splashing on the floor between her toes. Lily finished first, with a series of short bursts of pee she pushed out to make sure she was empty.

She stood up and stepped back a pace or two. With a smile she began clapping a rhythmic beat. She began swaying her hips in time. Holly now finished peeing and stood up too. There was applause from those standing near me. Lily turned and raised her hands high over her head, continuing the beat. Holly did the same. Both had their backs turned, and were wiggling their pert, rounded bums in a delightful way.

Across the cage, Kim tried to sink lower, still visibly urinating on the ground. The applause from the audience now caught the beat and followed it. The other girls in the cage joined in, including Kim, once she finished pissing and stood up. Now Lily and Holly started dancing. It was a perfect dance for harem girls, energetic, lively and physical, showing off their fit young bodies with many sexy poses, a celebration of boobies, bums, legs, waists and pussy.

They finished dancing and curtseyed. There was applause from the viewers and I realised that Simon was standing beside me, smiling. He congratulated me for getting them dancing and muttered that the two girls had probably just doubled their value. I thanked Lily and Holly and hoped to catch up with them later.

*007*2018-10-14 15:23

Simon wanted a word. I moved out of the crowds around Runa’s cage to a quieter space. Apologetically, he told me that the figures I had offered for Lily and Holly – even before their dance – would not be sufficient. I thanked him, but said I feared my father’s reaction if I bid more. I named another slave and price, and asked him to enter my sealed bid for them. He agreed and went on his way.

I have to confess to having been greatly distracted during the end of that conversation by a girl in the cage right behind him. Two girls had themselves been having quite an animated chat. They had been busy with their gestures, frequent changes of pose and flicks of their hair, which had all resulted in delightful wriggles of their bums and bounces of their boobies.

As if that had not been enough, one of them had suddenly put her hands on her knees, stuck her bum out, and then sprayed a hard torrent of piss, arcing behind her, and falling through the air to splash in a puddle behind her. She and her friend kept talking and laughing the whole time that she was peeing. She finished with three or four dribbles, and then stood up again, as if nothing had happened.

I decided to go back to Chiara and Runa to see how their challenge was developing. I was quite lucky with my timing. I arrived back just as Nikita (in Runa’s cage) and Luna (in the other) both decided they had to piss again. Nikita had both hands pressed into her groin and was marching up and down on the spot. She took her hands away and squatted. I am sure I saw a silvery spurt of pee flashing in the air and splashing on the ground even before she was in position. The tension left her face as her piss poured out.

Luna was one of the girls who now seemed to accept that it was normal to urinate on the floor of a cage while being viewed by the public. She simply went into a corner, crouched slightly to stick her bum out with her head down, and just pissed as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Her pee sprayed down on the boards behind her and most of it just ran off the edge of the floor, making a small waterfall down to the ground.

One of the spectators muttered that for both Luna and Nikita, that was the third time they had made water since Chiara and Runa had started their challenge. I asked them if any others had been recently. I turned out that I should have got there a few minutes sooner. Ellie had only just risen from her fresh puddle when Nikita and Luna had decided to pee. Perhaps the sight and sound of her squatting, gushing her foamy liquid on the floor had been the final trigger for them.

Only a few minutes earlier, Emma had managed another ladylike, elegant wee, squatting in an artistic pose like a marble statue. She must have been set off by Kaira who had pissed suddenly and noisily on the floor while sitting on the bench, first shuffling back to hang her bum over the back of the bench, so she could drop her wee on the ground behind it. In that time Carla had pissed a second time since I saw her squatting and all the other girls, other than Chiara and Runa, had each voided their bladders on the floor once.

Runa and Chiara were both trying to maintain their discipline. But the occasional shudder suggested that they were both having to concentrate on controlling an increasing need to relieve themselves. Other than that, they both stood quite still, facing each other, feet apart and fists on hips. Valerie, Carla and Zaza – all with Runa – looked the ones who were most uncomfortable. Valerie, sitting on the bench, kept crossing and uncrossing her legs, sometimes with her hand between her thighs. Carla was also sitting on the bench, and jiggling her knees up and down. She too sometimes pressed her hand to her privates.

Zaza was standing with legs crossed, and both hands squeezed in together. She kept looking around, as if hoping the spectators might vanish, or all look at someone else. She was occasionally bending a little at the waist, as a visible sign that another urge to pee was upon her. Then she bent more and more until she was bobbing into a hover posture. She really couldn’t wait any longer. Shameful though it was to lose control of her bodily functions, she simply had to pee. As she bobbed down again, she slid her fingers away from the lips of her vulva and let her internal muscles relax open.

We saw the gentle stream of pee start to run out of her onto the floor as she kept going down and crouched with her bum nearly touching the ground. The stream became unstoppable in the few moments it took for her to get into position. It hissed loudly as it squirted on the floor, foaming and spraying. She sprayed the back of Runa’s ankle. It distracted Runa momentarily and she turned to see what was happening behind her. Only momentarily though. She immediately turned back again to stare at Chiara. However, her brief physical shudder suggested that she too badly needed relief.

Zaza felt relief. Her face showed it and her body relaxed. She felt physical pleasure in releasing her fullness, as well as shame in having to perform publicly. She just let her body do what it needed to and quickly empty all the piss inside her onto the floor. When she was drained, she stood up and walked to the other side of the cage, red-faced as she felt all eyes on her, disgraced by the warm puddle she had just made on the floor.

*009*2018-10-15 17:31

A working slave arrived at the cage with six cups of cold, sweet coffee for the girls. It was a treat for them, but they knew they could not refuse it. Those who most felt the weight of liquid already inside them wondered if they really wanted to take in more fluid, which would only increase their need for relief.

Runa and Chiara gulped theirs down quickly, not wanting to show any hesitation that the other might interpret as a sign of weakness. Both could feel the tightness at the base of their abdomens that signalled they were nearly full and soon would have to empty. Runa could not stop herself shivering briefly, and Chiara realised she herself was gently bobbing up and down. She stopped, hoping nobody would have noticed.

Both Valerie and Carla looked really desperate, sitting on the bench and sipping their coffees. Valerie still had her legs crossed and was wriggling from side to side in a rather delightful way. Her gorgeous boobies, brown nipples firm, wobbled with her, and it was easy to imagine how they would feel in my hands if I were to stand behind her and support their soft weight. I thought it best not to linger on that thought. Valerie was another man’s property. Today we could look, but we could not touch.

Carla had her spare hand between her legs and she was still jiggling her knees up and down. She needed the toilet so badly she simply could not sit still. Her tits, well-shaped but smaller that Valerie’s, jiggled with her.

As Valerie took another sip the liquid running down her throat triggered a reflex in her bladder which made another attempt at taking control from her. Afterwards she wasn’t sure whether she’d been unable to stop a little dribble from escaping, or whether it had just been more comfortable to decide to let a small amount out to release the pressure. Whatever it was, she felt the warm wetness oozing around her lips under her.

She felt more comfortable for releasing a little pee. She uncrossed her thighs, while keeping them pressed together, and her legs were still crossed below the knees. She sipped her drink. She drank a little more, and again gave in to an urge to trickle a little more pee onto the bench. This time she felt comfortable only while she was dribbling, and as soon as she stopped she felt a desperate need to urinate.

She only just managed to keep control, and again raised her cup to her mouth. Once again, drinking made her really need to pee and once again she piddled a little when she swallowed. This time she needed to go so very badly so she let a little more run out and, without really thinking about it, or even deciding to do so, she gave it a little push to help it on its way.

And with that, she lost control. That was all it took for her bladder to take over and start contracting its stretched walls to empty itself forcibly. Valerie felt the buzzing sensation at the same time as warm liquid quickly rose in the well between her groin and thighs. She realised she was pissing where she sat. She tried to stop. Her muscles on her urethra could only slow the release for a few moments and then she had to let go completely. She was now pissing as strongly as she ever did pee into a pot in private.

The pressure on the lips of her vulva were uncomfortable, and the puddle between her thighs tickled. She adjusted her position, parting her legs. With a sudden splash, the puddle poured over the bench and fell on the floor. Her vulva, no longer squashed partly closed, allowed her pee to flood out.

Valerie, unable to control the release of her bladder, was wetting herself in public. Her face burned red, and she put her hands to her cheeks. But she could not stop peeing. She just sat motionless on the bench, flooding it between her thighs, making a noisy waterfall on to the boards below her. Little dribbles ran down the backs of her legs to make a small pool around both heels.

Carla had just about decided to pee at the same moment. Valerie’s sudden splash meant she really couldn’t wait any longer. She slid forward on the bench until the lips of her vulva were just ahead of the edge of it. By then, she was already urinating hard, and her busy stream played on the floorboards between her feet. Her eyes locked on mine and she gave a goofy grin, as if to apologise for such impolite behaviour. But she continued to pee. She had to. She was too full to stop, and she had nowhere else to go in any event.

I watched both Carla and Valerie using the bench and the floor as their toilet, their puddles of urine pooling below them. Neither of them tried very hard to stop peeing. They were now quite used to giving a public performance – although they didn’t like it – and as the force died away, they allowed the pee to keep draining gently from them until they were just about empty.

Runa and Chiara were trying really hard not to show how close they were to having to let go. Chiara was clenching and unclenching her fists and occasionally shivering. Runa was occasionally slowly bending her knees, and sometimes shuddered. Otherwise, both were trying to stand still, in exactly the same posture as when they started the contest.

Mira, with the long brown hair, in Chiara’s cage was not trying to hide her need. She was gently dancing on the spot. It was a captivating sight, a slim, naked girl, slowly dancing and I enjoyed watching her turn and squirm. I thought she must be close to losing it. She was, and she realised it. She squeezed herself with her fingers. She looked around the cage again and still couldn’t think of any way of finding any way of peeing without being watched.

She had to go now, or she would wet herself. She crouched down. She felt horribly self-conscious, as if every male eye in the hall was on her. She felt more naked than she had been when standing, and felt as if her privates were on open display. She badly needed to wee, but nothing came out. She waited, and waited, but still nothing.

Ashamed, Mira slowly stood up again. She had to press both hands into her crotch she needed to pee so badly. She jiggled a bit more, and felt she was going to find herself pissing down her legs if she didn’t do something. She looked round again, and still felt horribly exposed. But she really couldn’t wait. Once more she squatted down and tried to wee. Still nothing came.

Mira closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on just letting her pee flow. Still nothing. And then she felt a little warm wetness trickling out of her. A delicate dribble of drips rained on the floor, then dried up. She tried to repeat it, and managed another trickle. She found herself trying to stop it. She managed to let go and felt her flow building. Like a spring unwinding inside, she began to pee strongly and, at last, found herself pissing it all out.

Blonde Nikita, in Runa’s was the next to go, a few minutes after Mira. Nikita was now used to peeing on the floor of the cage. As far as she was concerned, she would rather pee than be uncomfortable. And if people wanted to look at her while she was peeing, it didn’t hurt her and she couldn’t stop them. She didn’t really think about it much. She just crouched, then leaned forward so she was kneeling tall, with knees apart.

She pushed her bum back – giving a lovely view of her rounded haunches – and then peed in a single clear thread of piss into a fresh puddle between her knees. She had got the angle right so she was peeing vertically down. She looked down at herself, legs parted, as her bladder emptied on the floor. While she peed she held her arms stiffly and slightly away from her hips, as if anxious that she might need to reach out if she lost balance.

Her pee hitting the floor made a gentle splattering sound and droplets sprayed in every direction, sparkling silver in the light and wetting the back of her knees, thighs and calves. Her puddle found a slight slope and a little river wound its way to the edge of the cage and dropped over the edge to fall on the stone floor below, making a louder splashing noise.

Runa must have seen from the corner of her eyes – and certainly heard – the little waterfall next to her. She knew that she would be able to command control of her own body for only a few more moments.

Nikita’s stream died away. She shook herself and a few drips fell from her wet vulva. She stood up and brushed her legs with her hands.

*010*2018-10-20 20:47

Chiara could see that Runa was in trouble. Mind you, she too was barely able to hold on. Seeing Nikita pee in front of her didn’t help. She might wet herself if she saw another girl pissing.

Runa really wanted to hold herself closed, squeeze her legs together, sit on her heel, push her fingers against her pee hole. But she didn’t want Chiara to see how badly she needed to go. She concentrated on her self-discipline. Despite all that she found that she could not stop herself bending her legs slightly, moving her thighs together just a fraction, and bending her knees.

Nikita’s puddle was still running over the edge of the floor when Runa started to pee. At first it was just a fine, quick dribble that flashed briefly as if fell through the air and left only a few drops on the floor between her feet. But then after a short pause there was another little splash. And then another, which became a thin, continuous line of silver feeding a little pool.

Runa closed her eyes in concentration, but her will power could not overcome her body’s need to empty her over-full bladder. The stream thickened and then suddenly she could resist no longer. She was pissing. A forceful stream gushed from between her legs, spraying back and forth and squirting in an undisciplined, hurried mess.

Runa kept her eyes closed, and slowly breathed out, relaxing muscles all over her body. She was angry to have lost to Chiara, but also enjoyed the physical satisfaction of release. And if she had an audience while she urinated, well, she just didn’t care. She just kept pissing, standing proud, standing still, legs apart, fists on hips.

She couldn’t ignore Chiara. She felt herself still draining, splashing her own feet. She opened her eyes and stared straight at Chiara. It had been a fair fight. She glanced down Chiara’s body – with some admiration – to look at her pussy. She hoped to see that she was now urinating too. She was disappointed. Even the boards beneath her were dry.

With a small nod, Runa acknowledged Chiara’s victory. Chiara nodded an acknowledgement. She lifted her right fist from her hip and punched the air. Right fist raised, she did the same with her left, then clenched both above her head and shook them in triumph. She then stamped her right foot twice, then the same with her left. She stuck her tongue out at Runa and shouted at her.

It was the start of her war dance. She realised, on the first stamp, that performing it with a full bladder would be problematic. But, having started the war dance, she had to perform it in full. Anything else would be dishonourable. Anyway, she could see that Runa was responding with the ritual dance of her clan, so both now had to continue.

On the first leap, Chiara leaked, and sprayed pee, like raindrops, as she spun in the air. She pissed a little more, on landing, and a splash of piss splattered on the boards with her. She squirted again on the next jump, and again on landing. Somehow, she managed only to leak dribbles and squirts – she didn’t quite lose control completely – through all the bounces, turns and swivels of the aggressive ritual movements, right until the end.

The final movement in the dance was a leap, turning in the air. She was dribbling urine on take off, and throughout the landing, as she leaned forward, placed her legs apart and turned, stamping her feet, still trickling a gentle, steady stream of pee. She now had her back to Runa and was pointing her bum at her. The finale of the war dance was pissing at her enemy.

With great satisfaction and relief, Chiara hosed her piss out of her cage, through the bars and towards Runa. Spectators stepped aside briskly as they caught her spray. Runa finished her dance too, but she had nothing left with which to answer Chiara. Chiara pissed and pissed and pissed.

When she finished, she cut off her stream and again stood erect facing Runa. Runa went down on one knee as final acknowledgement that she had been vanquished and Chiara saluted her. Then both girls laughed as the spectators applauded.

I moved on. I wanted to see the auction itself when it started.

*013*2018-10-23 16:19

Thank you for the appreciation. Yes, the auction will be starting shortly. I am about one third into writing that part of the story now and will start posting it once I am past the half-way point (and can see my way to the end of the day).

*014*2018-10-27 13:32

The auctioneers were preparing to open the bidding shortly. One sign of that was that the beauticians were moving across the hall, to set up their stalls in a corner. That would be the holding area immediately backstage. One by one, the cages would be opened and the girls led to the holding area. The beauticians would check them over, touch up the kohl, tidy and comb their hair and oil their skin. They would work fast, to make sure the girl was ready. The auctioneers must not be kept waiting.

There were 72 girls in the auction, each one of whom had to be exposed and sold as a single lot. All would be sold in the course of a single afternoon.

Luke and I decided to chat to the beauticians. All of them were slave girls, but they too were pretty girls. There were five of them, to work on two or three girls at the same time. They were laying out their tables as we approached; combs, cloths and towels, pots, bottles and jars of oils, ointments and cosmetics, sponges, knives and scissors and other implements. They were busy and working fast. We congratulated them on the excellent job they had done. All seventy-two girls looked gorgeous, and now another five beauties had arrived. They were glad of the complements, and happy to banter with us while they carried on getting ready.

One of them, Maria wondered if we would prefer them naked, like all the other girls on display. (They wore simple tunics and short, knee-length dresses, in undyed cloth.) We told them that I said a parcel is always more intriguing if it needs to be unwrapped. We all agreed that the undressed girls looked gorgeous. Luke and I thought the five beauticians were lovely too and told them so.

We asked them some questions. It turned out that they were some of Simon’s harem slaves. They worked there as beauticians for the other harem girls and the household maid slaves, as well as providing the usual harem entertainment services. Clearly they were trusted with a fair bit of responsibility.

They were still busy, preparing their tables, and kept looking across the room. They told us they had been busy since first thing, getting the girls ready, with not much of a break before they had to move to this corner and set up again.

One of them warned that the girls were on their way. We could see that a path was being roped off from the door of one of the cages. The viewers were being moved out of the way. Eunuchs and other working slaves were converging on the cage, to let the girls out.

One of the beauticians apologised. She explained that they were about to get really busy, and would not have time for a break again before the auction ended. She had to take a pee now, or she would end up wetting herself while she worked. Would we excuse her, please?

Of course we would. We thought she would take herself away to a toilet somewhere. But it turned out she didn't have time for that before resuming her duties. She had just enough time to use the flagstones as a toilet, but that was all. She stepped back a couple of paces from her table, reached up under her dress, untied her loincloth and caught it as it dropped down.

Then she raised the hem of her dress, squatted and pissed loudly on the stone floor. The other four did the same and so we were treated to the unexpected and delightful sight of five pretty girls squatting, skirts raised, squirting a delicate spray of pee into the puddles they each were making on the stone floor.

They kept chatting while they had a wee in front of us, not in any way embarrassed or self conscious. I guess it was all in a day's work for a harem girl.

*016*2018-10-31 22:12

Meanwhile, a bell was ringing behind us, as the viewers were cleared from the hall so the auction could get underway. This was not like yesterday, when the girls were left in their cages while the crowds dispersed. Today, the merchants’ slaves and eunuchs were roping off an area between the first cage and the beauticians’ tables. They were clearing the viewers from that area. After that they expanded it to move people to the exits while adding other cages to the cleared area. At the same time, they were unlocking the cage doors and hurrying the girls out as soon as the cage was secured.

It was noisy and confused. I don’t suppose the girls knew what was going on as they were bustled out of the cages. Yesterday when the viewers left they realised they had a brief period of peace and relative quiet. Yesterday, most of them took advantage of that to have a much-needed pee without dozens of eyes watching them do it. Today was different. I saw Carla squat down to begin pissing as soon as she stepped out of her cage. A eunuch grabbed her elbow and dragged her to her feet. She had been bursting, and so could not stop. She sprayed piss behind her as he pulled her to catch up with the others. She left a wet trail behind her as she peed down her legs while walking. I saw three other girls try to squat for a piss and the same happened to all of them.

Melissa also urinated down her legs as she walked away from her cage. She was very discrete. There was just a sudden sparkling on the backs of her thighs and a dark stain on the ground behind her feet.

The eunuchs took the girls to line up near the beauticians’ tables. With more shouting and confusion, they were checked off against the cages they had been in, and placed in order. To us it was apparent that they were being queued in the order in which the auctioneer would sell them, as listed in his catalogue. I doubt that the girls would have realised that.

Other slaves brought the benches from the cages and put them behind the girls so those who wanted to would have somewhere to sit while they waited. After about half an hour of noisy chaos it was now becoming quieter again. The beauticians had been taking the first two girls from the head of the queue and getting to work on them, combing their hair and touching up their make up. Several had already passed through their hands.

The girls in the line must have felt rather intimidated. Nobody had told them what was going on. There had been a lot of shouting and pushing to get them into the line. And now there were slaves going back and forth around them and many eunuchs standing guard around them. Now the girls were out of the cages, all the eunuchs had been put on duty, so there were almost as many of them as there were slave girls. Although they were no longer behind bars, escape was impossible. At least they were still getting their cups of honey-sweetened coffee and food too.

The girls were now in two queues. At the centre, in a corner, were the beauticians’ tables. To the left, the shortening line of girls waiting to be retouched. To the right, a growing line of those with refreshed hair and make up, shuffling sideways as more girls were added, all still completely naked of course. They were in the auctioneer’s queue, but of course nobody had told them that. On the other side of the canvas wall of the marquee was the auctioneer’s stage and the buying public were assembling past that. The growing noise of the audience coming through the screen told the girls that something was about to happen.

Quite a few of the nubiles were now giving out signs that they were in discomfort from their full bladders. There was a lot of fidgeting, crossing legs, squeezing thighs and even a few who were holding themselves with their hands.

I looked for Runa and Chiara. The girls in their cages had drunk so much that I expected them to be some of those most needing the toilet. I was right. Chiara must have felt a bit guilty about leading them into that condition. She stepped forward to address one of the guarding eunuchs. One of his colleagues closed ranks with him and they eye-balled each other. Chiara was slightly taller than both of them.

She seemed to be asking for permission for her girls to leave the queue so they could go away and pee. The guards could not allow that. Chiara stood her ground and glared at them. Her taut muscles rippled. Two other eunuchs sauntered towards the confrontation. Chiara glanced at them. She nodded and stepped back. She paused; the eunuchs tightened their grip on their weapons. She turned to her girls and apologised to them. They had no privacy. If they couldn’t wait, they would just have to piss on the ground where they stood. She turned her head and spat on the ground towards the guards.

She exchanged a glance with Runa then turned her back on the queue. Shoulders straight, she stood tall, fists on hips and legs apart. Standing proud she urinated on the pavement right in front of her guards. Her silvery stream arced forward to splash dramatically on the ground in front of her feet. Head high, she stared ahead, smiling defiantly. The guards ignored her. Runa stepped forward too, copied Chiara’s posture and let rip with her own formidable gusher. Two more of the warriors paced out of queue, then a third, and the last two. Now all seven of these tall, fit, muscular young women were posing like the confident fighters they were, pissing a message of arrogant contempt for their masters.

I was glad that they were so outnumbered. The guards were wise to ignore the insult. One by one, the warriors finished emptying their piss on the ground. Each remained in position even after their final squirts had ended. Then, after a brief pause all seven amazons stepped back in line, leaving seven dark, splattery puddles on the limestone floor.

*017*2018-11-03 21:20

This performance did little to help the other desperate women, fun though it may have been for Luke and I to watch. Some of the others were very desperate, clutching themselves and unable to stand still.

Emma with the copper-gold hair was sitting on the bench near Chiara. She was jiggling her knees, but didn’t appear to be as desperate as many. So I didn’t take much notice as she rose gracefully to her feet. She had a compelling natural elegance, a physical bodily charisma which made it hard for me to take my eyes off her once she was standing. Pointing her toes, she delicately stepped forward a couple of paces, arms loose by her sides and head held high. She looked at the roof and slowly closed her eyes. The hint of a smile brightened her pretty face.

Emma had a way of flowing from one posture to another and now she elegantly lowered herself to squat over the hard ground, balanced on fingers and toes. Her pee flowed into the puddle she was making between her feet. She urinated gently like that, letting it run from her with little splashing. She remained motionless while the silvery pool spread across the ground under her.

When finished, she gently rose and stretched, giving an enticing display of her lovely breasts, then stepped back, still with eyes closed. She opened them again only to get back into her place in the line.

We could now hear the voice of the auctioneer calling the crowd to order, welcoming them, enthusing about the quality and number of lots for sale and explaining how the auction and bidding process worked. There was now a small crowd of guards around the head of the second queue. They took the first two girls gently by their arms and threw a halter over their heads, like a noose around their neck. Terrified, the second girl, already desperate for a pee, wet herself, losing control and pissing down her legs. She stood there, shivering, with her piss splashing into the growing puddle at her feet.

Meanwhile the auctioneer called for the first lot. The first girl was pulled forward, around a corner and outside, into the bright sunshine. She stood, blinking in the light, horribly aware that she was completely naked and defenceless, in front of a huge crowd, all staring at her. Instinctively she tried to cover herself, one hand across her nipples and the other over her groin. The auctioneer announced her name as Katerina, and began describing her. Her mind didn’t register his words, she was beginning to panic. She felt an overwhelming need to empty her bladder, too intense to hold back. She felt her wee beginning to run out of her urethra. As an unthinking reflex she dropped down to urinate on the stage. The mental fog cleared and she became aware of herself, naked, squatting and pissing uncontrollably in front of a large audience of strangers.

The auctioneer paused, announcing to the bidders that, as they could see, the girl was just answering a call of nature and he would let her finish before he opened the bidding. When, a few moments later, she still showed no sign of stopping, he remarked that at least it showed that she was in good condition.

Katerina tried to stop peeing, but the flow was too vigorous. Feeling ashamed, she put her head in her hands and began sobbing softly, still pissing. Shortly, she felt the flow soften and this time, with determination, she managed to stop. Two of the auctioneer’s assistants pulled her to her feet, to display her to the audience, and the auctioneer named the price for the starting bid. Bids came quickly, then the hammer fell, and Katerina had a new owner.

The auctioneer declared the sale closed, then immediately moved on to the next lot. Katerina was led away, across the selling stage, and then taken backstage again, from the other side.

The auctioneers worked quickly. Even so, it would take three or four hours to sell all the seventy-two girls in the catalogue. Backstage, the queues were edging forward. With all that the girls had been drinking that day – and they were still being brought regular drinks and expected to take them – all would have to pee at least once, perhaps two or more times before the end of the day.

The girl after her was on stage and being offered for sale even as Katerina was led back into the hall and escorted back to her cage. She was still bewildered by the experience and didn’t notice the pile of loincloths and simple shift dresses on the bench next to her.

Alone and scared, she sat with her head in her hands. She realised that she still badly needed to wee, despite wetting herself so publicly only a few minutes earlier. She had been nowhere near empty when she had regained control. Beyond caring, she slid forward on the bench and relaxed her internal muscles to allow her pee to flow again. She kept pissing gently on the floor in front of the bench until she was empty.

The second slave was now pushed into the cage. She noticed the clothing, picked up a loincloth, tied it around her, and tucked the flap under the ties to cover her yoni, then pulled on a dress. Katerina saw her and did the same.

*018*2018-11-27 23:32

Back at the queues, I saw the lines edging forward as another girl was knocked down to her new master every few minutes. It was rather like watching cattle being herded. Every so often there would be the splashing sound of another woman’s bladder emptying on the flagstones. I would turn to watch and see the girl pissing on the ground. Some squatted, some hovered, and some just pissed where they stood, but all sprayed and splattered.

The dark puddles of urine trickled and ran over the stones, into the gaps and depressions, joining at the gutter of the market square. A gentle stream flowed down the gutter into the market drains.

Not all lost control. Most decided that they wouldn’t be able to hold it long enough for there to be any real point in putting it off but many of those did get very desperate before they gave in to the inevitable.

Looking down the line, I saw a girl who seemed to be preparing herself to wee. I recognised her as Julia, from when I’d spotted her in the cages. She had her red hair in a long pony tail. I remembered her as having a striking red bush of hair over her conchiglietta, but that was not now visible as she was pressing her hand tightly between her thighs. She was small, but with surprisingly full breasts that now bounced enticingly as she wriggled her hips in a charming pee dance.

Julia was about one third of the way up from the back of the queue. If she needed a pee, there was no way that she would last that long, and she realised it. She was just about at the mid-point between two of the guarding eunuchs. She stuck her head out and looked up and down the line again. Neither of the burly guards seemed to be looking her way, and there weren’t many other people around.

She decided that this had to be the time. She dropped to a half squat and again peered in both directions. She felt her grip weakening, her straining bladder about to defy her to empty itself regardless of her intentions. She had to go.

She squatted low, lowering her privates close to the ground. As she removed her hand she felt the warm liquid rush out of her, buzzing on the hard ground and splashing her ankles, her bum and her thighs. Julia kept her thighs pressed together and leaned forward, to try to hide what she was doing.

As I strolled towards her it was obvious to me that Julia was peeing, from her posture, particularly the way she was looking down, and from the puddle spreading darkly under her. The relief showed on her freckled face.

The queue moved on as Julia tinkled and a gap opened to her left. The girls behind were not sure whether to move around her, or wait for her to finish peeing. They had been ordered to keep the line moving, and they had also been ordered to stick to their places in it. Breaking either instruction might result in severe punishment.

The girl behind Julia bent down to talk to her. Julia understood. Still squirting piss on the floor, she shuffled sideways, rising and spraying the ground behind her as she went. The girls behind her stepped over her large puddle. Julia got the giggles and finished peeing shaking with silent laughter.

I wandered down to the back of the line. Despite the many wet stains on the ground there were many nubiles who obviously needed to pee. I reckoned that about one in five were wriggling or holding their cunts.

A slim, dark-haired woman caught my eye. She seemed to be standing uncomfortably, and she was looking down towards her own pudendum.

The light was flickering between her legs, and I heard the sound of liquid hitting a hard surface. There were sparkling flashes around her feet. I suddenly realised that she was peeing where she stood, her transparent stream shining in the air as it poured forward and arced down, droplets of pee splashing away from the ground. Her left leg was straight, but she was on her toes on her right, with knee bent and thigh held clear of the flowing pee.

She looked up and saw that I was watching her pissing. She blushed pink but couldn’t stop. She had hoped that nobody would notice. She thought I was offended at the sight of her going to the loo and mouthed a silent apology to me. I replied with a friendly wave and a shrug. After all, we all have to do it. But I continued to watch her until she had finished urinating.

I got to the end of the line and looked back. It looked like there were still about fifty unsold callipygian slaves in it. Towards the distant end another girl bent her legs and started peeing, her hands resting on her knees.

I just admired the view for a while. It was a sight to remember. It was not only one relieving herself. It was also about four dozen other naked, young women, mostly displaying their rears, many wriggling in discomfort with an increasingly desperate need for a toilet.

I turned and saw that three cages were now filled with sold slaves, all of whom had dressed themselves in plain, short, loose shift dresses. A fourth cage was filling. I watched a newly-arrived brown-haired girl put on a loincloth and then a dress.

She then decided it was the right time for a wee. She lifted her hem to reach under the front of her dress to loosen the tie of her undergarment. Then she uncovered her fanny, squatted and raised the back of her dress to show the globes of her buttocks. She began to pee on the boards, unaware that I was watching her from behind.

As her puddle grew I noticed fresh wet stains on the floors of the newly re-occupied cages. I realised that I would probably see many of the girls relieving themselves on their return from the auction stage. I wondered whether to stay there, but decided that there were probably more desperate women in the queue, and perhaps better entertainment there.

