Claire

Author: Iambadatnames

*000*2019-07-08 21:38

NOTE: This is the first story I have written here. I am also not a native English speaker so please forgive me for maybe including some spelling/grammar mistakes.

Part 1:

The sun was slowly rising over the beaches of the small port city of Opain. Claire was eating breakfast at the small, but comfortable dining table in the middle of her apartment. She was lucky that her parents were rich enough to afford her this little place while studying for her degree in game development. Slowly drinking her coffee, the 21 year old woman looked at the clock. 9am. Way too early for her game presentation at 11am. She had worked on this for about 6 months now and had to go through multiple crunch times to get the game she and her team finished before the deadline.

It was her final project, the last big thing she needed to do to become a game developer, she was definitely not going to fail because of her poor sleeping cycle. Suddenly she felt something weird. It was warm growing spot between her legs. With a shock, she looked down and realized she was peeing herself. How could this happen without her noticing? Claire tried to run to her bathroom but it was too late. By the point, she was there her pants were already completely soaked.

After she changed herself from the soaked clothes into some new jeans she looked at her phone and saw a new text message:

“Claire, are you awake? We need to test the game one last time before the deadline.” -Dan

“Yes, Just feeling really weird rn” -Claire

“Are you ok? Please say you are not ill. The presentation is in 1,5 hours. We can’t afford to be late” -Dan

“No, no. I’m coming. Everything is fine.” -Claire

“Fuck, what if this happens again?”, she thought to herself while opening her notebook and starting the game.

Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it! I will probably post the rest of the story on a later date.

*002*2019-07-09 20:36

Part 2:

It was a simple jump and run with local and online multiplayer. You could play with up to 4 friends. There was one problem that followed them during the entire project. The server. It was a mess, the software ran extremely unstable and was constantly crashing until Dan, the team leader found the issue just 2 days before the presentation which was today.

While playing for the last time they found some simple graphical errors and minor issues with the translation to English. They were done fixing most of them within half an hour.

“Thanks for helping me!”, said Dan. They have decided it would be easier to go threw the game by talking to each other threw discord. “Do you hear that? You should check your sink, maybe you left your water running.”, Dan continued.

“Yeah, definitely, I definitely forgot to check that.” Claire said in a nervous voice, fully being aware of the now larger growing wet patch between her legs. She quickly ended the call, got out of her soaked clothes and began to think about what to do next. The presentation was in 40 minutes. She needed 30 minutes to the university she was attending. Claire had only 10 minutes to figure out what to do. Suddenly she got an idea. An awful, really bad idea. Back when she was 13, she was an extreme bedwetter. Claire always had to wear diapers to bed. She hated the word diaper, she always preferred “nighttime panties” instead. Since then she always had a pack of girl drynites with her. She even took them with her when she moved into her own home. Now they were laying in a shelf, carefully hidden from anyone who might visit her one day. Claire slowly inspected the package full of her “nighttime panties”, wondering if they would still fit her. Maybe this would be a solution for the problem.

Not having a better solution in mind and her time running out, she quickly opened the package, took a diaper out and changed into them. To her surprise, they perfectly fit her. It looked like they were made for her. Claire put on a jean to cover up her padded butt and went on her way.

