Royalty Loves Company

Author: ilikeblankets

*000*2019-11-28 05:31

This is a story about a princess named Sage and a queen named Verbena, who each have some form of magical powers. I plan to do alternating POV's, and there is LGBT and NSFW content (just a warning). I'm definitely not the best writer but I hope you enjoy!

Sage wasn't exactly sure what to do when the young queen of the kingdom her family was visiting came up and whispered in her ear at a party.

"Hey, I don't mean to overstep, but if you're into girls, loudly ask if I can show you to the bathroom in about five minutes." The queen, Verena, had a low voice with just a hint of an accent. Sage was into girls, although she couldn't tell how Verena knew that. She decided it would be a good idea to do what the other girl said, and in a couple minutes the two of them were hurrying to the bathroom together. Verena led Sage into the nearest bathroom and gently shut the door behind them.

Before she knew it, she was on the floor with Verena on top of her, and the two were desperately making out. It was only then that Sage noticed that she had to pee, badly. She had a fairly large bladder, and she tended not to notice when she needed the bathroom until it was almost too late. At least, that was what she told people when they asked why she waited so long to use the bathroom. She would never admit it to anyone, but she quite liked the feeling of having a full bladder. This time she really had been distracted by the party and hadn't noticed her need, but it was a rare occurrence for her. Sage carefully sat up, still kissing Verena, and gently pulled away from her.

"Is something wrong?" Verena asked, panting. Sage felt her cheeks go warm.

"No, I just...I really need to pee," Sage said. She ducked her head in embarrassment and was mortified when Verena started laughing.

"Good thing we're in a bathroom, then! No worries, I'll just wait outside until you're done." Verena smiled and stood up, striding back out into the hallway and closing the door behind her. Almost as soon as she did, Sage felt a tiny spurt of pee dampen her underwear and she pressed her legs together, struggling to stand up in the party dress she was wearing. She made it to the toilet and pulled the dress up so she could sit down, but she didn't have a free hand to pull her panties and tights off, and she could feel more warm droplets coming out of her. She managed to get a hand free and pulled down her undergarments as she sat on the toilet. As soon as Sage sat, pee started squirting out of her and into the toilet. The feeling of relief was almost orgasmic, and she let out a happy sigh and arched her back slightly as she finished. She washed her hands, then opened the door and allowed the queen to escort her back to the party.

*002*2019-11-29 17:50

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

I’m loving this story so far

}}

Awww thank you! that means a lot

*003*2019-11-30 06:31

(Verena's POV)

As Verena waited for the princess outside the bathroom, she couldn't help but smile. She had seen the gemstones in Sage's tiara when her family first arrived at the palace, and she couldn't help but notice that the way they were oriented made them look like the pansexual flag. Verena knew it had been a risk to ask if Sage was into girls, since she could have been completely wrong about the tiara, but she was quite happy with the way things were turning out. Sage was gorgeous, she thought, with long, dark brown hair and wide grey eyes that made her look younger even though Verena knew they were the same age.

She herself was blonde, with straight hair she kept cut in an angled bob and dark green eyes. She was fairly tall, but to her surprise Sage was only a little bit shorter than she was and curvier compared to Verena's slim build. And, from what Verena could tell, Sage had a pretty large bladder. All royalty had some form of elemental power, and Verena's family could manipulate water. This also extended to people's bladders, something Verena took advantage of often. She had a pee fetish, and when she had free time she would often let her bladder fill up until she couldn't hold it anymore and then wet herself and use her powers to draw the moisture out of her clothing and evaporate it.

Lost in thought, Verena was startled when Sage opened the bathroom door next to her. She held out her hand and Sage took it, the two of them talking idly as they made their way back to the party. They got back as people were wrapping up, and they sat together on a couch and watched other families leave. It was Verena's little brother's birthday, and most of the families who were invited to the party lived nearby, but Sage's family lived farther away so they were staying at the palace for a couple days. Verena noticed that Sage was looking awfully tired, so she wrapped an arm around the other girl's shoulders.

"You ready to go to our rooms?" She asked gently. Sage nodded, blushing and holding back a yawn.

"Sorry, it's been a long day." Sage said, laughing. They said a few quick goodbyes and Verena thanked people for coming to the party before the two girls walked up the stairs to the bedrooms. Verena showed Sage her room, and gave her a quick kiss goodnight before they parted ways. She had been hopeful that Sage would want to do more, but they had plenty of time together and Verena was tired too. She got in bed and spent about half an hour reading before she heard a quiet knock on her door.

*005*2019-12-22 00:05

Sage (some lewd content)

Sage had been trying to sleep for the past 20 minutes, but she wasn’t having much luck. She had never been good at sleeping in unfamiliar places, and the room she was staying at was larger than her room at home and full of shadows. She had put on her favorite pajamas - a light blue nightgown and a matching scrunchie that she used to tie her hair up in a bun, and she had lit a candle from home in hopes that it would make her feel more comfortable with not much luck. She sat in the dark with a blanket wrapped around herself for a few minutes, silently debating what she should do.

Oh, fuck it, she thought. Carefully she slipped out of her room and padded down the hall to the queen’s chambers. She lifted a trembling hand and knocked on the door, and within a couple seconds she was face to face with Verena, who was wearing a mustard yellow silk tank top and pajama shorts set. She looks beautiful, Sage noticed as she glanced sheepishly down at her nightgown. She thought it was pretty, but she didn’t look elegant the way she ought to as a princess. Ugh, why am I thinking this? It doesn’t matter, I’m just going to sleep anyway.

"Sage?" The other girl seemed confused, but not mad to see her.

"Is it… would it be ok if I slept in here?” Sage whispered, feeling her cheeks grow warm.

"Of course, but did something happen? Are you okay?” Verena pulled Sage into the room and gently shut the door behind her. She nodded, embarrassed but relieved that the queen didn’t seem to mind. Both girls got into bed, and Sage could tell that Verena still didn’t understand why she was there. She leaned over and began timidly kissing the queen, who seemed to get the idea and pushed back against her. The tiredness from earlier seemed to have evaporated, and adrenaline was coursing through her as she slowly inched her hand into the queen’s panties and began rubbing her clit. She heard Verena moan softly, gyrating her hips back and forth. Sage could feel her fingers getting wet, and within a few minutes both girls were breathing heavily and staring wide-eyed at each other. Sage was shocked. She had never had sex with anyone before, and she hadn’t been with any girls despite being interested in them.

“Sage. We should probably both go to sleep, ok? It’s getting late,” Verena whispered, still panting. Sage nodded, and as she drifted off her mind kept replaying the memory of what had just happened.

Let me know any feedback you have!

*008*2019-12-24 07:08

{{On 12/22/2019 at 4:49 AM, V1CT0R said:

Indeed a great story!

}}

{{On 12/21/2019 at 9:02 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was fantasmic

}}

Thank you, I really appreciate it

