The Dream

Author: Imabedwetter

*000*2023-08-20 21:44

Laurie was sitting at her desk listening to the teacher and taking notes. She had always hated using the bathrooms at school so she would usually try an wait until she got home to go to the bathroom. There were a few times where she had accidentally peed in her pants because she waited until it was too late. Luckily she had never had an accident at school. Her accidents always frustrated her mother especially that one time that she had wet herself in the back seat of her mother’s car on the way home from school. Her mother would also get upset because Laurie had always peed in her pants running to the bathroom because she waited until it was too late.

It was halfway into the Math lesson when Laurie suddenly realized that she had to pee really bad. She started bouncing her legs a little and then tightly squeezed them together. She was still taking her notes when she got a sudden urge and leaked a little in her white cotton panties that were under her school uniform skirt. It was then that she realized that she would have to use the bathroom at school even though she didn’t want to.

Laurie kept her legs tightly squeezed together and slowly raised her hand. The teacher finally noticed and asked, “Yes Laurie, what is it?” Laurie softly replied, “Ms. Florio, may I use the bathroom?” Ms. Florio looked at her and said, “Melissa is out at the bathroom, you will have to wait until she gets back.” Laurie was really starting to worry but she just replied softly, “Ok.” Laurie kept her legs squeezed together tightly when another spurt of pee leaked into her panties. She really wished her friend would hurry back to class so she could run to the bathroom. She was wondering what was taking Melissa so long, it seemed like an eternity.

She was just about to raise her hand again so she could tell the teacher that it was an emergency when all of a sudden Ms. Florio said, “Ok class, please put your Math books away and get your English books out.” Laurie closed her Math book and got out of her seat. She crouched down to put it away and to get her English book from underneath her desk and that’s when it happened. She started peeing, her panties getting warm and wet. She couldn’t stop it no matter how hard she tried. She was peeing herself full force as she crouched down next to her desk. Pee was soaking her socks and shoes and splashing loudly onto the floor, making a big yellow puddle. Laurie started to cry.

Ms. Florio quickly went over to Laurie who stood up as the last of her pee was running down her legs. The teacher quickly got her out of the classroom and brought her to the nurse’s office and then called for the janitor to mop the floor. Laurie had to wait in the nurse’s office for her mother to come with clean clothes, undies, socks and shoes. Even the back of her skirt was wet. Ms. Florio went back and explained to the class that accidents happen and that they could happen to anyone. She then resumed her teaching. Laurie was sitting and waiting for her mother, her face was red from embarrassment.

Laurie slowly started to wake up. As she slowly opened her eyes she thought to herself, “Thank goodness, it was only a dream.” She kept thinking about it and thought, “It seemed so real though.” She continued to lay there because her alarm hadn’t gone off yet and she really didn’t want to get out of bed. She looked at the clock and realized that she had another half hour before she had to get up so she decided that she was going to roll over and sleep a little more. When she rolled over that’s when she noticed that something wasn’t right. She slowly put her hand under the blanket and quickly realized that her bed was soaked. Her pajama pants and shirt were equally soaked. She gasped and said, “Oh no, I wet the bed. I haven’t had a bedwetting accident in while.” She was thinking about it and came to the conclusion that it’s been almost a year since she last wet the bed.

Her mother must have heard her stirring and opened the door and said, “Good morning Laurie, I thought I heard you in here.” Just as she was about to turn around and leave the room, she stopped and said, “Laurie, why does it smell like pee in here.” Laurie started to cry and said, “Mom, I wet the bed.” Her mother then said, " Oh dear, I thought we were past this, it’s been a year I think. You better get up and get cleaned."

Laurie pulled the covers off and got out of bed. There was a big oval wet spot on her pink sheets. Her pajama pants were soaked down to her knees and her pajama shirt was soaked from the bottom almost up to her chest. “It’s a good thing we never took that mattress protector off of your bed,” her mother said as she handed her a laundry basket.

Laurie took her wet pajamas off and tossed them into the basket. She then pulled her wet panties off, which were soaked and now had a yellow tinge to them and tossed them in there too. She then stripped the bed, mattress protector and all and put them in there and then handed her mother the basket. She then went and got into the shower and went to the bathroom and started washing up. She kept thinking about the dream and her bedwetting accident as she showered. She even peed in the shower without even realizing it.

Once Laurie was out of the shower she got dressed and brushed her teeth. She had a quick breakfast and then went to school, with her dream and her bedwetting accident on her mind all day.

*003*2023-08-24 16:32

Laurie’s dream and bedwetting accident was on her mind all day while she was at school. She couldn’t stop thinking about it. Laurie had a bedwetting problem where she wet the bed every night up until about a year ago. She really thought that the problem was behind her now, especially since she had just turned 18 and was a senior in high school. Even though her best friend Melissa had known about her problems she was reluctant to talk to her about it because she was really embarrassed that she had wet the bed last night. She wanted to talk to someone about it to get it off of her shoulders but she decided not too right now.

The rest of the school day was uneventful. She was outside after school talking to Melissa who asked her if she was ok. Laurie just replied, “Yeah, I’m fine.” She didn’t go into it any further. Laurie then changed the subject and said, “When I get home I’m going to finish my laundry and then I’m going on the computer to play that new game that you were talking about.” She then asked Melissa, “Are you going online to play it too?” Melissa was excited and said, “Yes, I’ll hit you up in the chat room.” Both girls left and headed home.

Once Laurie was home she had a snack and drank some Coke. She then headed over to her computer desk and logged in. She put her head set on and noticed that Melissa was already online. Laurie hadn’t even changed out of her school uniform. Laurie knew she had to do her laundry so she had a clean uniform for school tomorrow. She also had to get her bed sheets and mattress protector out of the dryer so she could make her bed, but she put that off too. Her mother wouldn’t be home from work for three hours so she had plenty of time.

Laurie was chatting with Melissa online and they were really getting into the game. She was so engrossed in the game and the chat that she didn’t even realize that she had to pee. She just kept playing and chatting. She was really enjoying this game. The girls continued to play and chat. They had probably been playing for a little over an hour and a half when all of a sudden Laurie began to pee in her pants. She was so into the game that she didn’t even realize that she was going at first.

A splashing sound began as her pee started to pour off of the front of her leather desk chair, hitting the hardwood floor making a puddle and soaking her socks in the process. That’s when she realized that she was peeing. It was too late, she tried to stop peeing but she couldn’t. She gasped and Melissa asked, “What was that noise?” Too embarrassed to tell her friend that she had just had an accident she said, “I just spilled my drink. I better go and clean it up.” The girls said there goodbyes and Laurie logged off and shut down her computer.

Laurie looked down and the puddle on both her chair and the floor. She knew she had to clean it up quickly and get her clothes into the wash. “I can’t believe I did that, Mom would be so upset if she knew I had just peed in my pants. I’m glad she is still at work.” Laurie stood up and grabbed a towel to start cleaning up the pee. She took her wet socks off and then stepped on the towel to dry her feet off. She then got undressed taking off her blouse then removing her wet skirt and panties. Her purple panties were wet in the crotch and the whole butt area since she was sitting down when she had the accident. She grabbed some wet wipes and quickly cleaned her body off before putting new undies on and a fresh pair of pajamas. She then put all of her clothes in the wash. She also got everything out of the dryer and made her bed.

She watched some TV after she made her bed and then she went to put her clothes into the dryer. As she was doing that her mother got home. She asked Laurie, “How was your day?” Laurie replied, “It was good.” Her mother had brought pizza home for dinner. They sat down for dinner and talked more. Laurie was glad she was able to get her accident cleaned up before her mother got home.

After dinner Laurie and her mother watched some television and after the show she folded her laundry. She kissed her mother and said, “Good night, I love you.” Her mother replied, “Love you too dear. Don’t forget to pee before bed.” Laurie just rolled her eyes a little and said, “Yes mother, it was just a one time accident.” Her mother said, “I hope so.”

Laurie got in bed and went on her phone for a little bit. Laurie got so engrossed in her phone that she had forgotten to pee before bed, even though her mother had tried to remind her to do so. She set her alarm, turned the light off and went to sleep.

Later on that night she was in dreamland again. This time she was dreaming that she was in the back yard in the pool. She was swimming with her friend Melissa. They were splashing around and having a great time. They must’ve been swimming for a good hour or two when Laurie realized that she had to pee. She didn’t want to get out of the pool and have to dry off just to go to the bathroom. Plus trying to get a wet one-piece bathing suit on and off was such a hassle.

She finally got to the point where she couldn’t hold it much longer so she just peed in the pool while her and Melissa were fooling around and splashing each other. Melissa then laughed at Laurie and said, “Hey I just felt a warm spot in the water. You just peed in the pool didn’t you?” Laurie blushed a little bit and just nodded. “It’s ok Laurie, I peed in the pool about 20 minutes ago. Everyone pees in the pool, it’s ok.,” she said. Laurie was relieved and they stayed in the pool a while longer. As the girls were getting out of the pool a noise woke Laurie from her dream. It was her alarm.

Laurie was still half asleep as she hit her alarm. She could feel it immediately, she was soaked. She started to cry. She heard her mom out in the hall and yelled out for her. Her mother opened the door and saw Laurie crying. “Mom,” she said between sniffles, “I wet my bed again. Why is this happening? I’m 18 years old.” She hugged her daughter and said, “It’s ok honey, accidents happen. You were a bedwetter for a long time. Even though you were dry for a year you might be having a relapse. Hopefully it won’t last long. I’ll bring you the laundry basket.”

Laurie got out of bed and started pulling her wet pajamas and undies off. Her skin was still clammy from her accident. She looked at her bed and it was even wetter than yesterday’s accident. She put the wet clothes and bedding into the laundry basket and then she got in the shower. Once she was done she dried off, brushed her teeth and got dressed into her school uniform.

She was clearly upset now. At least her mother didn’t know that she had peed in her pants yesterday while she was on her computer. She had a quick breakfast and headed off to school. She really needed to talk to someone and even though she was embarrassed she was going to try and talk to Melissa about what was happening.

*005*2023-09-01 16:39

Disclaimer: There is some light sexual activity in this chapter.

Laurie got to school and she definitely had her bedwetting accidents on her mind. She had been friends with Melissa since the 1st grade and Melissa knew about her bedwetting problem and also had experienced some of her daytime accidents growing up too. While Laurie was a chronic bedwetter growing up her friend Melissa had some occasional bedwetting accidents growing up too, but not as bad as Laurie. They were best friends and always confided in each other about their accidents. But they were both 18 years old now. Laurie wasn’t even sure if Melissa even still had any accidents sometimes. She wanted to talk to Melissa about it but was extremely embarrassed at the same time.

School was uneventful that day and Laurie was glad that it was Friday. She was sitting at the lunch table with Melissa when her phone buzzed. It was a text message from her mother. The text said, ‘Laurie, I have to leave town for a last minute business trip today, I’ll be back Monday. Plenty of food in the refrigerator. Try to remember to go pee before bed. Love you!’ Laurie replied with, ‘Ok Mom, Love you too!’ She then looked at Melissa and said, “Did you want to sleep over tonight, my Mom has to go away for the weekend?” Melissa excitedly said, “Yes, we will have a blast!” Then Laurie started to worry since she had wet her bed two nights in a row. Melissa could tell Laurie was worried about something and asked, “Everything ok?” Laurie nodded and was gonna say something when the lunch bell rang. They both left the cafeteria to head back to their afternoon classes. “I’ll see you at your house later,” Melissa said and they parted ways.

The school day finished up and Laurie headed home. She got the house ready and put the mattress protector on her bed and finished making the bed before Melissa arrived.

About an hour later Melissa showed up. The girls hung out, watching television, eating snacks and drinking soda. Melissa then decided that the girls were gonna order a pizza. Once the pizza arrived, they sat on the hardwood floor in the living room and picked another movie. They were eating their pizza and enjoying the movie. Laurie wanted to tell Melissa about her recent problems but she really didn’t know how to bring it up in conversation. There was a really funny part in the movie and both girls were laughing hysterically when all of a sudden Melissa jumped up and ran down the hall.

Laurie paused the movie. A few minutes went by when she heard Melissa calling from down the hall, “Laurie, can you come here?” Laurie walked down the hall and knocked on the bathroom door and asked “what’s up?” Melissa slowly opened the bathroom door and Laurie couldn’t believe her eyes. Melissa was standing in front of the toilet, her jeans and socks soaked and she was standing in a puddle. “You’re not going to believe this but I peed in my pants. I started peeing from laughing and I didn’t make it in time. Don’t laugh at me.” Laurie grabbed a towel and handed it to Melissa. “I would never laugh at you silly!” She replied.

She helped Melissa clean the puddle off of the floor while she watch her friend strip her wet clothes off and toss them into the bath tub. She dried her legs off with the towel and Laurie handed her some wet wipes. For some reason Laurie started to get turned on a little as she watched her friend clean the pee off of her legs and her crotch. She didn’t know why she was feeling this way and she tried to dismiss the feeling. They headed to the bedroom and Laurie walked behind her friend watching her naked butt as she walked. Once they were in the bedroom they both got undressed and put their pajamas on.

Once they were dressed Melissa sat on the bed and heard a slight crinkle. “Laurie, do you still have a mattress protector on your bed?” She asked. Laurie blushed a little bit, but she figured that this would be a good time to talk to her friend about her recent issues. That way if she wet the bed again it wouldn’t be a surprise in the morning. “Uh, umm, yes I do, just in case,” she nervously said. Melissa just stared at Luarie and asked, “Do you still have bedwetting accidents?” Laurie was now blushing and replied, "I uh have been wanting to talk to someone about this and since you’re my best friend I’ll tell you. You know I wet my bed every night up until about a year ago.

I was doing really good up until a few days ago. This is embarrassing but I wet my bed the last two nights. Even more embarrassing is the fact that I even peed in my pants yesterday. Remember when I told you that I spilled my drink yesterday, I didn’t. That splashing sound that you heard was me having an accident." Melissa looked at her friend and said, “Oh honey, don’t worry about it. Accidents happen. I mean look, I just totally peed in my pants and this is a bit embarrassing, but I um, I still kinda wet my bed sometimes too.” Laurie was trying to take this all in when she felt Melissa rubbing and carressing her leg. Laurie was starting to get that feeling again so she started rubbing Melissa’s leg too. Melissa looked into Laurie’s eyes and said, “Why don’t we get more of those sodas and we can get in the bed and watch some television in here?” Laurie nodded and went to grab a six pack of Coke.

When Laurie returned Melissa was in bed and had put the Hallmark Channel on. The lights were dim. Laurie got into the bed and they were sitting on the propped up pillows next to each other watching the television. They each took 3 cans of soda and put them onto their night stands. They each opened a can and started chugging. Laurie then had a crazy idea and said, “Melissa, why don’t we finish all of these sodas and see who can hold it longer?” Melissa looked into Laurie eyes and said, “A hold it contest, you’re on!” Both girls quickly chugged all of the cans of soda, both of them burping a few times and giggling. The soda hit both girls bladders pretty quickly.

Both girls were now laying down and sort of snuggling each other, both caressing each others pajamas. They weren’t even paying attention to the movie anymore. Without even thinking Laurie started to take Melissa’s pajama shirt off then she pulled hers off as well. Both girls then took off each others pajama pants. They were now kneeling on the bed facing each other in their underwear. Laurie was wearing grey panties with ice cream cones on them and Melissa was wearing white panties with hearts on them. Laurie rubbed her hand on Melissa’s panties and said, " Those are cute undies." Melissa replied, “Yours are cute too,” she then whispered into Laurie’s ear, “I really have to pee.” Laurie looked her in the eyes and said, “Me too, why don’t we head to the bathroom?”

Both girls walked down the hall in their underwear holding hands. When they got into the bathroom Laurie put a few towels down on the floor and they kneeled on the towels facing each other. They got close to each other, slowly caressing each others bodies. They looked each other in the eyes and they started to kiss. Melissa took Laurie’s hand and moved it to the crotch of her panties. Laurie started to rub Melissa’s crotch though her undies when Melissa started to pee in her pants. Laurie started to moan as they continued to kiss. Melissa’s pee was making a hissing sound as she soaked her undies, Laurie’s hand and the towel she was sitting on.

As her pee started to slow down Melissa started to rub the crotch of Laurie’s panties. Laurie moaned and immediately started to pee in her undies. Melissa moaned when she felt Laurie peeing herself. The girls continued to rub each others wet panties and kiss. Both girls were moaning in exctacy until they both had orgasms. They sat there in heaven, their undies wet and the towels under them fully soaked in their pee. “That was amazing,” Melissa said as she kissed Laurie again. They slowly stood up and removed each other’s wet undies. They then took the wet wipes and slowly wiped the pee off of each others bodies. They kissed again, held hands and headed back to the bedroom.

They both got into bed, both naked, turned the television off and both quickly fell asleep, snuggling closely. The friendship had gone to a new level that neither of them even had thought about before. They both slept peacefully and ironically both girls ended up peeing in their sleep wetting the bed. Both girls continued to sleep in the bed that now had two distinct wet spots under each of their bodies. They would both be surprised about their bedwetting accidents when they woke up in the morning.

*009*2023-11-30 14:58

The sun started shining through the window. Laurie started to wake up and realized that she had wet the bed again. Melissa also started to wake up. Laurie looked at Melissa and said, “Good morning, I wet the bed last night.” Melissa was blushing a little now too as she pulled the blankets off and revealed a second wet spot underneath her. “It’s ok because I wet the bed too, we both had accidents last night.” Laurie was kind of relieved that she wasn’t the only one that peed in the bed. She also realized that she had to pee. “I have to pee, what about you?” She asked Melissa.

Melissa nodded and said, “Yeah, I have to pee too. The bed is already wet, why don’t we just pee in the bed again?” They both rolled on their sides facing each other and snuggled up against each other, their legs in between each other’s crotches. Without hesitation they both started peeing in the bed, both moaning softly as they wet the bed again, peeing on each other. They continued to snuggle in the wet bed as their streams died down. They laid there snuggling and dozed off for a while.

When they woke up again Laurie said, “I guess we should strip the bed and go take a shower.” Melissa nodded and they both got out of bed. The bed was absolutely soaked. “We really peed a lot, the bed is soaked,” Melissa said with a smile. They put the wet sheets and mattress protector in the laundry basket and headed to the bathroom. They decided to shower together and helped wash each others bodies. Once they were done they got out and dried off. They both got dressed wearing clean underwear and both decided to wear leggings and t-shirts. They headed to the kitchen and Laurie put some coffee on. The girls sat at the kitchen table and enjoyed their coffee.

Melissa had a grin on her face and Laurie asked, “I see that grin on your face, what’s on your mind?” Melissa said, “I’ve got an idea. The toilet is off limits for today.” Laurie giggled a little and asked, “No toilet at all?” Melissa nodded and said, “Yup, if you have to go just do it in your pants.” Laurie agreed and said, “I guess we’ll have a lot of laundry to do, there’s gonna be a lot of accidents. I’m in.”

The girls continued to drink their coffee and prepared for their day of wet fun.
