The Nightly Storms

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-12 05:32

Chapter One: The Collision

Stumbling out of the bar and onto the dark street, you travel along the damp pathway back to your apartment. This is a treacherous journey and the strain on your bladder is screaming that time isn't favoring your current situation. But combination of alcohol in your system, makes this a seemingly impossible task.

Your muscles quiver violently for relief, holding back the flood. The lack of focus on where your going causes you collide, unknowingly with another pedestrian. The sudden collision causes an elaborate spurt of urine to leap out from the depths of your bladder, pouncing into the fabric of your pants.

"Hey! Watch were yo-" the stranger demands angrily, only to be cut off by the sight of your struggles. She watches intensively as both of your hands firmly place themselves against the throbbing lips of your pussy. Falling onto your knees, you appear shaking uncontrollably, crying out in unimaginable pain.

Tears sprout from your eyes as the muscles of your bladder feel as if they're being slowly ripped apart. Looking at her, your expressions are like a wounded animal's, begging for the pain and misery to come to a swift end. Her eyes stares longingly at you, unable to tear her eyes off of your pleading body.

Biting her lip, she breathes in deeply and closing her eyes. Her face seems to scrunch up before leaning in and kissing you. Her sudden show of compassion completely shocks you and causes you to lose focus. Your bloated bladder takes use of this, finally releases its contents. The feeling of relief, combined with human comfort, embraces you in a whole different way. Jets of orgasmic fluid spirts out from your body, you moan in ecstasy.

But the urgency of her kiss melts you, lifting your mind into absolute bliss. Wrapping her arms tightly around your body, she pulls you in, grabbing your crotch in affection. As the seemingly endless stream erupts loudly from your bladder, you shower the ground in the fluids seeping out from your body.

Your limbs feel like wobbling jelly as cool blanket of tiredness encases your mind like quicksand. But as your tired body topple's over, you fall into the safety of her loving arms. As your lifted from the ground and into her hands, you rest your head tiredly on her shoulder.

But you feel something you haven't felt in years... Something deep... Something personal... Something like...

Love...

*001*2017-04-12 05:43

Thank you for reading my story!

The next installment may take up to 2 days, as this story drained me mentally...

Reasons for delay

Busy work hours Unable to think of an idea for around 2 hours Re-writing the story around 3 times Internet Outage GF wanting some 'company' time Over-Stressing myself

But anyway...

Please give me any constructive criticism, opinions and reviews you can muster as it helps me improve!

Kindest Regards

[Insert omo]

*003*2017-04-12 20:27

This is going to be the 10000 word story, in multiple parts...

