Outbreak Panic (Claire Redfield - Resident Evil 2)

Author: InsideVoice

*000*2021-06-24 23:32

I've been really enjoying Resident Evil games lately and thought I'd try my hand at reimagining the opening scenes of Claire's story from RE2 Remake. I might've gotten a bit carried away with this one; it wound up being 18 pages in my word processor I hope you enjoy it all the same though! I thought this could be an interesting way to try a "horror omorashi" story, so I wanted to see what I could do with it. I think the settings could have been described a bit more in detail to paint a more clear picture, but with the length this story already was I opted not to do it this time. Besides, the omorashi part of the story is the more important thing here than the horror elements, right??

Disclaimer: For those who don't know Resident Evil (and those who do), this story depicts zombies through some graphic depictions of their appearance and some graphic descriptions of their actions. Part of the fun of writing to me is painting vivid pictures that engross every sense, so there is a bit of somewhat-disturbing imagery once in a while, though it of course isn't the main focus. Please feel free to skip if that isn't your thing, and otherwise, please enjoy!

###

Outbreak Panic

It was dark. Extremely dark. Frigid rain spattered off her helmet relentlessly as her motorcycle sped down the deserted highway. The only light that pierced the blanket of night was the bright headlamp she had on the front of her bike. An uneasiness had filled her chest for weeks and as she rode ever-towards Raccoon City the feeling began to morph into an uncomfortable anxiety.

She was, of course, Claire Redfield, and for a month she hadn’t heard from her brother Chris. The last thing she’d known, he and the special team he was a part of at the Raccoon Police Department had been dispatched to find their missing comrades. Since she hadn’t heard from her brother following that mission and no one seemed be able to shed any light on the situation, Claire had taken it upon herself to travel the several hundred miles to her brother’s home town and make sure the bonehead was okay.

At last, she spied a gas station up ahead, a beacon of civilization in the otherwise barren wasteland of the American Midwest. The only thing there ever was to see in this goddamn place are the Arklays. Why did people come here and stay? Truth be told, Claire was honestly quite glad to see the lone outpost on the long road to nowhere. Her clothes soaked through and needed drying, her legs were stiff and needed stretching, and her bladder was full and needed emptying.

It had been a long day of traveling. The last time she had stopped had been for dinner five hours ago. The water she’d had with her cheeseburger had taken a little while to catch up with her, but for the last little while, the rain pelting her skin, splashing on the road around her, trickling down her hands and cheeks, had reminded her of her steadily filling bladder. She’d spent the better part of the last hour actively looking for a place to stop and relieve herself. But while this gas station was at least somewhere she could do just that, she wasn’t exactly thrilled about the prospect of using any restroom at a run-down dump like this. Oh well, beggars can’t be choosers, I guess. And I don’t really have the luxury of waiting till the city I don’t think…

As Claire pulled beneath the overhang that shielded the gas pumps from the sky above, she relished the feeling of the freezing rain disappearing at last. It had been hours, and while she had her red leather jacket to protect her from some of the rain, her jeans were more than soaked. Blessedly it was only with rainwater. Stepping on the kickstand, she took her helmet off, shaking her head and running her hands through her untied hair. Glancing around, she was a bit surprised to see the store dark, but then again, it was possible the windows were just tinted. The lights were on outside at any rate, they should be open.

She grabbed a nearby pump and began filling up her bike, glancing around the front of the gas station as she did so. She noticed an empty police car with the driver’s side door standing wide open, though the engine was running idly. That’s odd. Maybe there was a disturbance inside. Or a suspect went fleeing on foot and the officer chased them? Finishing her scan of the lot, her eyes fell on a payphone tucked neatly into an old phone booth

The letter her best friend and roommate Sarah had left in her bag suddenly played through her mind: “Just promise you’ll call when you get to Raccoon City. Don’t leave your bestest best friend hanging, OK!?.” Claire smiled and walked towards the booth first, assessing her still-growing need to pee. Her bladder wasn’t so full she needed to hurry to the restroom right this moment; she could wait a bit longer, plus a phone call would make Sarah feel much more at ease.

Glancing at her watch, Claire noted that it was almost 10pm. She should still be awake. Grabbing the phone and dialing her roommate, she waited impatiently as the phone rang several times. The rain pattering the glass of the phone booth and splashing relentlessly on the asphalt nearby was causing her bladder to pulse angrily. Relax, I know. We’ll pee in a few minutes, okay? It’s just inside this building.

Finally, Sarah answered the phone, some loud music playing in the background. “Hello?” she called over the noise. Claire smiled imagining her best friend dancing around with reckless abandon while she had the place to herself.

“Sarah, it’s Claire!”

“Oh! Hang on!” The unmistakable sound of the receiver being placed on the desk sounded in Claire’s ear as she heard hurried footsteps. A moment later, the music disappeared and the footsteps rushed back to the phone.

“Hey girly! How’s the trip?” Sarah was in high spirits. Claire, however, wasn’t as chipper.

“I hate this fucking place. It’s in the middle of absolutely nowhere. It’s raining and I’m soaked and freezing and I’ve had to pee pretty bad for more than an hour now.”

“Jeez, sounds like you’re living the high life out there in the boonies. Are you at your hotel then?”

“No, I stopped at a gas station about thirty minutes outside of town. I could stand to top off the bike for the last little leg of the trip, but honestly I needed to stop for the restroom more than the gas.”

“Well I’m glad you’re close now. When you find that brother of yours, give him hell for making you worry so much that you went through all this just to make sure he’s okay!”

Claire laughed genuinely. It always lifted her spirits to talk to Sarah like this. “I will! He better make this up to me!”

Sarah chuckled in turn. “All right girly, I know you have to pee so I’ll let you go. You be careful out there all right? It’s not safe for a hot, young college girl like you to travel alone.” There was a hint of playful teasing at the end there, but Claire knew Sarah well enough to know she was genuinely concerned too.

“I promise I’ll be safe, Chris taught me how to take care of myself.”

“Yeah, yeah, but that doesn’t make you invincible Claire. You still have your gun right?”

“Always.”

“Good. Just keep it handy in case any perverts or assholes try anything. A dead shot like you isn’t someone they want to cross.”

“I’ll keep it on me, and I’ll call you tomorrow when I find Chris.”

“I’ll be waiting! Be safe, talk to you tomorrow!”

“Goodnight!”

Claire hung up the receiver and sighed a bit to herself, a derisive smile spreading across her face. Why does everyone think I’m gonna get into trouble? As she exited the phone booth, her bladder pulsed noticeably again. Okay, time to find the restroom, this is getting pre-ty bad. Before she could take another step, however, she heard the sound of shattering glass from inside the gas station convenience store. Concerned that someone inside might have injured themselves, she approached the door and called out to whoever was inside: “Hello? Everything okay in there?”

There was no answer so Claire eased the front door open only to discover that the windows were, in fact, not tinted whatsoever. The lights were out and the shop looked as if it were in some state of disarray. Had there been a struggle here after all? Maybe the police had come to break it up; that would explain the abandoned police cruiser outside. She saw a flashlight lying on the floor in front of her, recently abandoned since the light was still on, and knelt down to pick it up, an uncomfortable pain emanating from where her belt dug into her bladder. Now wasn’t the time to worry about that, though. Something felt…off…

Lifting the flashlight into her left hand, she walked cautiously among the shelves searching for anyone who might be there still. “Hello? Anyone here?” Her loud voice echoed off the walls and reverberated around the room, but still no one answered. Why wasn’t anyone answering? Rounding the corner of the display stands, she saw a police officer sitting on the ground next to the door, his left hand holding his neck to stop a severe amount of bleeding and his head drooping towards the floor. He looked like he wasn’t long for this world.

Claire hurried towards him, fear gripping her heart. Who could have done something like that and left him for dead? Were they still inside the building somewhere? “What happened?” she asked him, speaking loudly enough to try to keep him anchored in reality.

The officer didn’t raise his head nor speak. He just grunted and pointed to the door over his right shoulder with all the energy he could pull together. Someone’s still in here.

“I’ll take a look, just stay here and rest,” she tried to reassure him. He let his arm fall to the side and slumped further against the wall. She’d have to deal with this fast so she could make sure the man had the medical attention he needed. Her bladder reminded her that she needed to deal with this fast for her own sake as well, sending an angry contraction through her body that caused her to inhale sharply. Why now of all times?

Claire reached into the pack on her hip and drew a small handgun from it, making sure it was loaded before snapping the chamber back into place. Chris had given her this gun a long time ago for self-defense and she had kept it with her almost all the time when she’d gone out ever since. Crossing her flashlight hand underneath her pistol, she took a steadying breath and squeezed her thighs tightly together for a moment to give herself some relief. She’d be through this soon, it would be okay.

Easing the metal door open, Claire pointed her light down the dark hallway. Nothing but another door awaited her at the far end and she stepped forward purposefully. As she approached the next door, she heard struggling and what seemed to be growling. Hurrying the last few steps, she pushed open the door and found a second officer pinning another man against the wall.

“Is everything okay back here?”

The officer glanced over his shoulder. “Stay back ma’am, I’ll take care of this.”

But before the officer could even turn back, the man he had pinned pushed him hard away and tackled him to the ground. Though it wasn’t so much a tackle as a slow body slam of sorts. Claire watched, unsure of what to do as the officer struggled, but her uncertainty slowly turned to horror as the man on top of the officer bit into his neck violently. The officer screamed and Claire recoiled involuntarily.

“What are you doing?” Claire demanded, her voice betraying the shock and fear she felt. But he didn’t stop and began dig his teeth in deeper. The officer let out a terrible shriek as a large strip of flesh began being torn from his neck.

“Get off of him right now!” She aimed her handgun at the man attacking the officer but it was too late. He ripped the strip of flesh free and the officer fell to the ground motionless. Claire felt her stomach churn as the man looked up slowly towards her. But he wasn’t a man at all.

Its face was sickly and grey. It almost looked as if its very flesh was rotting. Its eyes were fogged over and the pupils had vanished behind a murky cloud of blue. The right side of its face was torn open and blood covered the mouth from where it had assaulted the poor officer moments before. It spoke no words but instead groaned and grunted as if it no longer possessed the ability to speak. And its sights were now set on Claire.

As the creature began to slowly rise to its feet, Claire felt an abject terror race through her body, so powerful she almost lost control of her bladder and wet herself right there. A spurt of pee shot into her panties, but muscle memory caused her to clench tightly and hold back the flood. There were much more important things to deal with right now.

She began to back away towards the door but the creature was finally on its feet and walking towards her. Except it didn’t seem to possess much in the way of motor skills anymore. It was shambling towards her at best, very slowly but with determination. Claire felt the doorway behind her and turned, running back the way she’d come. She glanced over her shoulder and noted the monster hadn’t even entered the hallway yet so she turned her attention to the door which was closed now. Giving it a hard shove gave no result and the door remained shut firmly.

“Fuck!” Claire kicked the door and yanked on the handle but still the metal frame denied her escape.

The sounds of shuffling progress and groaning caused her to turn her attention back to the hallway. The shell-of-a-man was about halfway to her now and Claire took a deep breath. Chris had never prepared her for this but he had taught her quite a bit. Whatever this creature was, it wasn’t human anymore. So Claire had little hesitation in aiming her gun again and setting her sights right on its head.

Her right index finger squeezed hard and the gun fired, the bullet landing squarely between the creature’s eyes. It stumbled backward and Claire allowed herself a moment of celebration. But that moment turned to terrified confusion as the thing took a moment to steady itself and lowered its head again. There was clearly a large bullet wound right between its eyes, but that had done nothing to take it down.

Panicking, Claire fired again. And again. And again. Finally, the monster was starting to be affected by her bullets. After the fourth shot, it fell to its knees and collapsed forward, face-first on the floor. Letting out the breath she’d been holding, Claire seized her opportunity to get out of the corner and ran past the thing on the floor. As she did so, she heard it groan and begin to move very slowly to stand again.

Fuck! I have to get out of here! Claire returned to the storeroom she’d entered before and saw that the policeman was still lying on the ground, immobile. Glancing frantically around, she saw a doorway that led out to the main floor of the store, her ticket out of this nightmare. Testing the handle, she found that it, too, was locked.

“Goddammit!” The shuffling from the hallway was getting louder and Claire reached into her bag, grabbing a few extra bullets. Panicking, she fumbled with the barrel of her weapon, finally managing to reload it entirely as the shambling monster reached the doorway and noticed her on its right.

It turned and approached her slowly but Claire ducked to the right, around the support pillar and dodging the creature for now. She hurried deeper into the storeroom. There must be a key for that door in here. Running down a narrow path between two large shelving units, she found a desk at the end. There was a map of the convenience store on it detailing what appeared to be the security camera locations and, blessedly, a silver key sparkled under the dim moonlight. Pointing her flashlight at it, the engraving on it said “storeroom.” This was what she had hoped to find.

A loud groan from behind her caused her to wheel around suddenly and her flashlight illuminated the face of the monster at the end of the narrow corridor. She was trapped again, with less room to handle it this time. Fear welled up in Claire’s heart, so great that she momentarily lost control of herself again. Another hot spurt of pee burst from her aching bladder, causing her to gasp and clamp down hard with her thighs. If she peed herself now, she might actually make the floor too slick to get away from this thing and that would be the end for her.

Steadying herself, she quelled the storm raging in her bladder and raised her fully-loaded revolver once more. Trying her best to assess the situation calmly, she remembered it had taken four of her five bullets to stun it last time. The bullets had clearly done some damage; she could see many holes in its head as it shuffled towards her. Obviously it wasn’t impervious to her weapon. It just had a constitution that limited their effectiveness. So if the head wouldn’t stun it for long, then perhaps this would.

Claire aimed her gun at the thing’s legs and fired: once into the right thigh, a second into the left shin. The creature howled and collapsed to the ground immediately. The legs were a weak point after all. Seizing the key and starting forward, she fired one more bullet into its head to stun and disorient it as she passed by. It did the trick and she slipped by undisturbed.

Rushing back to the door that led to the main floor of the convenience store again, she unlocked the door and threw it open. Finally, she was out of that miserable storeroom. But things weren’t much better outside. A crashing sound to her left startled her and another small jet of pee shot out of her against her will. Claire bent slightly at the waist and clamped off the flow again as her eyes darted towards the sound.

Another man-turned-monster was throwing itself into the shelves that separated her from it, trying to get to her and, to her horror, the policeman who had been slumped by the doorway on her way in, was on his feet again. But this time, he looked rotten and possessed, as the thing in the back room had.

“It’s like a nightmare! What is going on here?” she demanded of no one in particular, instead aiming her gun at the former police officer in front of her. She landed two well-aimed shots directly in its face and it fell over backwards, the kickback from her bullets aiding gravity enough to topple this more rotund monster.

Her gun was out of bullets now and it would take too long to reload. I’ll have to make a break for it. As she rushed down the back isle towards the toppled officer, the shelves behind her crashed down and the thing that had caused her to pee a bit before began shambling determinedly after her. She rounded the corner quickly and made her way towards the front entrance again, when another one crashed through a nearby shelving unit. The entire structure came collapsing down towards her and she rushed forward, getting a bit unbalanced but not losing her footing.

Reaching the door at last, Claire threw the entrance open only to come face to face with a young man around her age, this one with sandy hair swept to his right side, pointing a gun directly at her. Raising her hands above her head, she met his eyes and saw humanity in them. Finally, someone normal. Her thoughts were interrupted as her bladder contracted hard and she fought to hold it back once more. Trying her best not to dance and fidget on the spot, she spoke quickly.

“Don’t shoot.”

“Get down now!” he suddenly shouted.

Claire didn’t need to be told twice. She dropped to the ground immediately, her bladder decrying this action with another painful squeeze, and the young man fired his gun once, nailing the monster that had been approaching her from behind right between the eyes. The power of his handgun was much greater than Claire’s evidently as half of its head exploded on impact and it collapsed to the ground on the back and stopped moving entirely.

Claire rose to her feet immediately as her savior canvased the store and headed immediately towards the exit. “We’ve gotta get out of here, now.”

The man offered no words of resistance, instead turning and following her out the door. Letting the door fall shut behind them, he glanced as Claire out of the corner of his eye. “You alright?”

Already starting to reload her gun, Claire glanced at him and offered a smile. It wasn’t something she’d planned on doing, but rather something that happened naturally. She was just so glad to have found another person in this living hell. “Yeah, I think so. Thanks.”

A gurgling screech tore their attention away from each other and out towards the parking lot again. A horde of the monsters from inside the store were limping and dragging themselves across the asphalt towards them. Three had surrounded her bike and another fifteen or so were focused directly on them. “Holy shit,” Claire managed in an anxious whisper.

The door behind them rattled as a creature from inside slammed into it, the very same one the young man had just dropped with a precise headshot, and it screamed gutturally. The sound startled Claire and she pressed her legs together tightly to avoid leaking again. Her savior glanced back at the door and towards the lot again.

“Come on, we have to go!”

He hurried forward, ducking under the arms of one of the beasts as it swung at him, making a break for the abandoned police cruiser she’d seen before. Rushing forward, Claire ran for the passenger side but one of the things reached out to grab her. Acting on instinct rather than plan, she ducked and spun around him, shoving him to the ground with all her strength. It fell to the ground hard with sickening squelch.

“Get in!”

The man had already grabbed the wheel slammed his own door and Claire threw herself into the passenger seat, yanking the passenger side door behind her. She seized her seatbelt and buckled in quickly as her new partner released the hand brake and threw the shift into reverse.

“Hang on.”

He slammed his foot on the pedal and the car lurched backward quickly, jostling the two inside badly. The belt Claire had just fastened dug into her painfully full bladder and she squeezed her legs together tightly. She’d never actually had a chance to find the restroom she really needed. Oh well, there was nothing she could do about it now.

Reaching the main road, the man threw the car into drive and stepped down on the pedal again, racing down the highway at last and leaving the hell of the gas station behind them. Claire had had to abandon her bike, but that was a very small price to pay for not becoming food for one of those monsters.

Finally allowing herself to breathe a sigh of relief as silence and calmness descended over the car, Claire glanced out the back window and saw the corpse-like beings trudging around in the rain aimlessly, unable to keep up it seemed. At least they were slow.

“What the hell is going on here?” she managed at last.

The man shook his head. “I have no idea…hopefully they’ll have some answers for us back at the station.”

“Wait, are you a cop?”

“Yeah. Leon Kennedy. And you are?”

“Claire Redfield.”

“Do you live around here?”

“No, I’m just here looking for my brother. He’s a cop out here too.”

Leon paused for a moment as if trying to remember the name Redfield but seemed to come up blank. “Well, it’s a good thing we found each other then,” he offered instead. “Who knows what the hell we’ll run into next…”

They continued to speed down the deserted road together, rain pelting the steel frame of the police cruiser relentlessly. The nightmare behind them had seemed too surreal and impossible to have been reality. But Claire had seen it with her own eyes, experienced it with all of her senses. The stink of death and decay. The sight of rot and cannibalism. The sounds of squelching flesh and guttural roars and screeches. The feel of cold, slimy, rubbery skin.

“Those were honest-to-god zombies,” Claire managed quietly. Leon didn’t respond but didn’t scoff or dismiss her either. He’d seen the same disgusting, terrifying sights she’d seen. She couldn’t help herself but to continue.

“Reanimated corpses. The dead come back to life…how the fuck did this happen?”

Leon finally responded to her. “I can’t even begin to guess. I heard rumblings that the RPD was bringing civilians into the station and barricading it against some kind of threat. I never imagined something like this though.”

Claire suppressed a shiver that had nothing to do with the freezing rain or frigid temperature. She had come face to face with the living dead and managed to escape. Hopefully she wouldn’t have to see those monsters ever again. But something told her this was just the beginning. The place she’d stopped for dinner earlier had been entirely normal and filled with friendly faces. But the second she had made it within miles of Raccoon City, she had been confronted with the stuff of nightmares. The only city nearby was very likely ground zero for whatever was going on. And she and Leon were headed right for the heart of it.

***

After several minutes, Claire had relaxed as much as she could. Her clothes were still soaked through and she was still cold. To make matters worse, her very full bladder had come back to the forefront of her mind with a vengeance. The aftermath of what had happened at the gas station had been more than enough to force it from her mind for a few minutes, but all the ducking and dodging, running and shooting, it had all jostled and aggravated her bladder to the point that she was really starting to struggle to hold it back. She couldn’t exactly ask Leon to pull over and let her pee out in the open with zero cover and no lights to tell if one of those things was out there in the dark, just watching and waiting for them to stop. She’d be a little too embarrassed to admit it to a near-stranger anyway. So she’d just have to grit her teeth and hold it, no matter how desperate she got.

She took the time to reload her handgun just in case, but that only kept her occupied for a few seconds at best. Blessedly, Leon gave her a distraction in the form of more conversation. “So what were you doing in there anyway? Did they chase you inside?”

Claire shook her head. “No, I stopped there a few minutes before everything happened. It seemed totally normal at first. I filled up my bike and went inside to use the restroom but I heard a crashing sound. I found an officer injured and then found another alive trying to subdue one of those…zombies. But it killed him and then came after me. I managed to gun it down and slip by but that wasn’t enough for it to stay dead. Of course, I managed to get away in the end, thanks to you.”

“I’m just so glad I showed up when I did. But it seems like you hardly needed my help. Aside from at the very end there, it sounds like you had the situation under control.”

Claire laughed lightly. “I was taught well.”

“By your brother?”

“Yeah. Chris taught me all sorts of self-defense techniques. He also taught me how to use a gun and got this little one for me for protection.”

“That’s where I know that name from. You’re Chris Redfield’s sister?”

“Yep, that’s me. I haven’t heard from him in over a month and I got worried, so I decided to head out here and find him myself.”

“He must mean a lot to you. I’m just a rookie at the station or I’d tell you what I can. All I know is that STARS went out on a mission last month and…only four of them came back. Chris was one of them, but I don’t know where they all went after that. In fact, STARS was disbanded following that incident…”

Claire considered Leon’s words for a few moments. That meant Chris was alive…hopefully. If he was in this mess, she was a lot more concerned. But it was possible that maybe he wasn’t even in town. Maybe he’d just needed to get away from it all for a while. If only three other members of his team had come back from a mission then she could understand that affecting him pretty deeply.

“Hopefully we’ll find your brother at the station. Maybe someone will have some answers for us there too.” Leon sounded more like he was convincing himself than comforting Claire though.

“What if…we’re the only ones? What if no one else survived?

Leon shook his head hard. “There are survivors, there have to be. This is a huge city. They can’t all be gone…” He trailed off and Claire felt her mind wander back to the impossibility of what she’d witnessed at the gas station.

How had things turned out this way? All she’d wanted to do was make sure Chris was alive and okay, and no she was in the middle of the end of the world. Zombies, actual zombies were out there. She’d lost her motorcycle, she was stranded in the middle of nowhere as the world literally transformed into hell around her. She should never have come to this godforsaken place. Or at least stopped at that gas station. If there was one silver lining, at least she wasn’t alone anymore.

Claire was shaken from her thoughts as her bladder throbbed uncomfortably. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat and squirmed around, crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs tight. She was definitely desperate now. She hadn’t peed for five plus hours and right when she was about to get her relief, she’d been stopped by the most impossible cosmic event. Now that she was calmer again, she was painfully aware that she really had to pee.

“Hey Leon, about how far out from the station are we?”

He pondered her question before answering. “Probably another thirty minutes from here, counting the commute through town, twenty till we hit the Raccoon City limits. How come?”

Claire decided she may as well just be honest instead of trying to hide the situation. They’d brushed shoulders with death already; what was a little embarrassment among new partners? She wouldn’t be able to hide it much longer anyway.

“Well, like I said before, I stopped at the gas station to use the restroom, but I never got a chance to go with everything that happened. I just need to get someplace I can pee, fast.”

Leon nodded his understanding. “We’ll be there soon and there are plenty of bathrooms at the station. Can you hold on for now?”

Claire grimaced a bit. “I…I think so. I’ll manage somehow. It’s just, I’ve been holding on for hours now and it’s getting pretty bad. So, sorry if I start squirming around over here,” she managed, shifting uncomfortably in her seat and offering a sheepish smile.

Leon chuckled. “Hey, it happens to all of us once in a while, right? Do what you’ve gotta do and I’ll get you there as fast as I can. Trust me, that’s the only place I want to be right now, too.”

Claire nodded and focused on controlling herself. Despite the leaks she’d had back at the gas station, she was extremely full still and her bladder ached and throbbed. It was firm and hard to the touch. It felt tight too, like the surface of a drum head. She hadn’t experienced this feeling in a long time. It felt like an invisible hand had a firm grip on her bladder from the inside and was squeezing her just tightly enough to be really uncomfortable but not quite to the point of painful. Every few minutes she’d feel that grip tighten, squeezing harder for a few seconds as if trying to force her to pee right there. But still she managed to hold back. She wasn’t sure how much longer she could really last, though…

***

By the time Leon finally drove the police cruiser into town, Claire Redfield was panicking and looking for a way out. It had only been about twenty minutes since she’d spoken up to him about needing to pee, but things were rapidly getting out of hand. She was maybe minutes from losing control and peeing her pants right there.

The ghostly hand that squeezed her bladder was tightening its grip with each passing moment. Her bladder had filled to its bursting point by now and she was genuinely scared it would give out before they managed to get to the station. Her thighs trembled beneath her tight jeans, her left leg bouncing fast and frantically. Her face was a bit flushed, her entire body was tense, and her forehead was actually starting to bead with sweat from the effort it took to keep her bladder under control. She had to pee worse than she could ever remember needing to go.

In an effort to distract herself, Claire tried her best to take in the scenery around them. Raccoon City looked as if the apocalypse had visited it. It had been a while since she’d been here, but she didn’t remember the boarded windows, the road blockades, or the vast number of abandoned cars lining the streets. The doors leading into certain buildings had been destroyed and most of the power in the city seemed to be out. Streetlights weren’t shining in most places and the stoplights were entirely off.

The distractions only lasted a few moments as her bladder spasmed intensely again. Claire’s eyes widened and she gripped her thighs tightly. Her eyes widened and she gasped softly. The constant pressure on her body to hold back the flood contained within her was almost too much to bear anymore. She could feel the dam about to burst. She wanted relief from this terrible, squeezing pressure, she needed it.

“Um, L-Leon, how close are we?” she managed in a nervous voice.

“Probably about five minutes now, you holding up okay?”

“No. This is really, really bad.” Her frantic eyes darted around the city streets, her left leg bouncing even faster as her body trembled.

“Just hang in there a bit longer, we’re almost there. I promise you’ll only have to wait a few more minutes.”

“Waiting isn’t really an option anymore Leon,” she managed urgently.

“It’s the only option you have Claire. Look around us.” He pointed towards the sidewalk ahead of them.

Claire followed Leon’s finger and her eyes fell on a pack of zombies, three of them, kneeling over a shadowed body and feasting slowly. Claire felt her stomach turn and her eyes widened in horror as she watched. Leon continued forward slowly and the three monsters didn’t even acknowledge them, choosing instead to eat the prey they’d captured right in front of them. Claire breathed a small sight of relief as they passed by uninterrupted. Her bladder screamed for release once more and she clamped down with every muscle she could, her eyes squeezing shut as she tried to take a few calming breaths to ease her panic.

“Just please get us to the station Leon.”

“I’ll get us there, don’t worry.”

I have to pee. Now. Claire was well beyond frantic. Her shoulders were raised and stiff, her hands balled into tight fists gripping firmly the hem of her red jacket. Her thighs kept rubbing together as the waves of pressure emanating from her bladder increased in intensity, her knees slipping past one another time and time again as both legs began to bounce up and down. She was on the verge of involuntarily pissing her pants at the age of twenty-one. She actually considered just letting go for a moment, just letting the pressure disappear…but she just couldn’t wet herself like child in front of this police officer. And who knew how long they’d have to wait at the police station for help to arrive? She didn’t want to be stuck in wet pants. They were close. I can make it…I can make it…

So when Leon started slowing down, Claire looked back towards the road in a panic. There were roadblock barriers preventing them from proceeding any further, but there were also an enormous amount of cars sitting in the road at a dead stop, some turned sideways, others abandoned with their doors wide open. Their progress was stopped no matter what. Leon sighed and brought the car to a stop.

“Looks like we’re walking.”

“…More like running…” Claire managed between strained breaths, gesturing to the right where another pack of zombies were feasting on a human corpse. She looked away quickly and suppressed the urge to vomit at the sight. A second later, she had to clamp her legs together like a vice again to stop herself from peeing uncontrollably into her pants. Could she even run with a bladder this full? If it was be caught by these zombies or pee her pants, there was an obvious choice, but she’d still rather avoid it if she could.

Before she could assess her own body further, a zombie slammed against Leon’s door, startling them both badly. “Jesus Christ!” the young officer shouted as the car started rocking violently.

Claire felt a fierce jet of pee shoot into her pants. Clamping the flow off and turning quickly, her eyes fell on the rotting frame of another zombie, this one pushing the car aggressively from her side. Leon cursed again from the driver’s seat and Claire noticed more zombies appearing near them. They were surrounded, in fact, and she felt her heart grow cold. There were too many to take out with their guns. They were resilient like she’d never seen in the face of physical injury.

A violent crash into the car was enough to make her jump and another huge spurt of pee blast out into her panties. Claire gasped and let her left hand fly between her legs and squeeze tightly. It hardly mattered now; they were surrounded. That meant driving again and Claire wasn’t sure she’d last another two minutes in the car in the state she was in. But as long as they made it out alive, she didn’t care anymore if she wet herself in front of Leon.

But as Leon stepped on the gas, he found that the car wouldn’t move. “Leon, we have to go!” she cried out, grabbing her gun.

“I can’t move the car!” He stepped hard on the gas but the wheels wouldn’t budge an inch, held in place by the pack of monsters and their inhuman strength. They’d have to fight their way out. But a loud horn from behind them filled Claire with dread.

A large truck hauling an oil tank was careening down the street. She couldn’t see very well, but it looked like the driver was injured, his head lolling to the side. Maybe he’d been attacked by these things. There were zombies stuck to the front bumper of the trailer, being dragged along the ground and it didn’t show any signs of slowing down as it approached.

“Um…Leon?”

“I know.”

“We have to get out of here!”

“We have to make a run for it, now!”

Claire and Leon began trying to open their doors, slamming them aggressively into the zombies but they wouldn’t budge. The truck drew ever closer and seemed to be speeding up. They were dead if it hit them. Claire doubled her efforts, slamming the door as hard as she could into the zombie that had her trapped and caused it to stagger a bit. But the truck was too close now.

At the last moment, the driver fell from view in the canopy and the truck turned drastically to the left and crashed into a parked car behind them. Zombies were crushed and cars were smash as the large truck turned over and fell on its side, veering to the right and sliding down the road quickly. It lost some speed but still collided with their police cruiser, launching it backward and slamming them into another car.

Claire felt her head slam back against the headrest and her seatbelt dug hard into her bladder. Peeing into her already-soaked panties again, she managed to stop the flow. She didn’t have time for this now, they had to move. Shaking herself from her light daze, she noticed the zombies had been knocked loose from the car and took the opportunity to exit the vehicle immediately. She glanced back and saw Leon starting to step out of the driver’s side as well. Good.

The rain was still freezing and Claire shivered immediately, the feeling of water pelting her skin making it immediately harder not to pee her pants on the spot. Does it even matter anymore? Before Claire could decide if she needed to keep holding it or not, though, a spark from nearby ignited their car and it burst into flames suddenly. The car went up immediately and a small explosion caused her to stumble backwards. Was Leon okay?

As she scanned the horizon quickly, she saw the flames approaching the overturned tanker truck. That was bad. “Oh shit.”

Claire turned and tried to run from the impending explosion, but she was too slow. The flames reached the truck and an enormous explosion engulfed the street behind her. The force of the blast threw her from her feet and she felt her back collide hard with a nearby car. Claire cried out in pain as she fell to the ground and felt her bladder give out again. Unable to move for a moment, she relished in the feeling of relief for about three seconds before she heard the shrieking of zombies nearby.

Shaking her head and pushing herself up off the ground, she fought hard and stopped the flow. She’d peed herself enough now that the edge was taken off somewhat. Her bladder was still extremely full, but the excruciating need was dulled back somewhat. She could last till the station now, at least. While the rain might be able to wash away the small amount that she’d lost control of during crash, if she let go and flooded her pants right now, Claire was convinced she was holding so much that the rain would never chase the scent from her jeans in time. And she would be more than a little embarrassed to wait around the station like that. If the station even still existed. She’d just have to stick with Leon and…

“Leon!” she cried out suddenly, raising her voice as loud as possible. Had he survived that? She looked around in a panic for a moment and called his name again before she finally heard a response from the other side of the explosion.

“Claire! Are you okay?”

She let out a huge sigh of relief and a smile overtook her face. She assessed her body for a moment. She was rattled and a bit winded, but it seemed like she hadn’t suffered any huge injuries. “Yeah, I’m okay! Are you?”

“I’m alright! Looks like we’re gonna have to meet at the police station though! It’s just a few blocks to the east, head that way and I’ll see you there!”

“Got it!”

Claire looked down and was glad to see she still had a grip on her trusty handgun. If she’d lost that, she was screwed. Her bladder was still really full too, but she could at least walk upright again. She didn’t have time to let loose here; she might be in danger at any second if she stayed still too long. She was close to the station anyway; she’d just pee once she got there and finally be able to rid herself of this terrible pressure.

She gasped as she noticed a small pack of zombies shuffling towards her and snapped back to reality, immediately beginning to move. If she could avoid a fight, she would. Hurrying through the street, Claire spotted an alleyway that seemed to lead through the buildings and towards the east. Maybe that was her ticket out of here. Hurrying forward and making sure to keep her focus on the zombies in the road ahead of her, she moved towards the police station steadily. It would be okay. Leon was still out there. They could get through this.

***

It took about ten minutes to work her way carefully and discreetly through the alleys and city streets towards the Racoon Police Department. She was dodging zombies at every turn which hampered her progress pretty significantly. Not only that, the constant splash of the rain on her skin and on the street around her eventually made her bladder come back to the forefront of her mind yet again. She’d only lost a bit of the small ocean of pee that had been pent up in her bladder for hours and hours now, hardly enough to make the sensation of pure desperation vanish from her mind and body. But she bit her lip, gave herself a quick squeeze between her legs, and continued in the shadows to end of her current path. Almost there. Almost there, you can do it.

Finally, she saw it: the Raccoon Police Department. It towered over the city streets before her and shone like a beacon of hope in the bleak darkness of this terrible night. But it didn’t look very safe. The front gates were wide open. Most of the windows inside were darkened, but perhaps they’d just lost power. She couldn’t know for sure until she got inside. There was a small horde of the hungry monsters between her and station though, and a large expanse of empty, open street that she had to cross. She knew they were slower than she was in the last several minutes she’d been traveling across the city. If she moved as fast as she could and didn’t cross one of their paths directly, she could make it.

Taking a deep breath, she broke out into a fast run, hoping to clear that last several yards to the gates quickly. She didn’t dare sprint for fear of slipping and falling in the rain, but hearing the slow, sickening shuffling of zombies behind her spurred her on, confident they couldn’t catch her as the sound grew further away.

Crossing the iron perimeter, Claire spun and seized the gate quickly, slamming it shut and barring it. The zombies crashed into the beams but were unable to break through them, thankfully. They reached for her and swung their arms mindlessly but they couldn’t touch her. She was safe, for now.

The adrenaline of running across a wide open street filled with the undead creatures was subsiding now and Claire gasped sharply as her body bent at the waist involuntarily. That run had exacerbated things again. Her bladder was crying out to her, begging for relief. Placing a hand on her lower abdomen, she felt it, rock hard and fighting to the very limits of its control for her. A shiver raced down her body that had nothing to do with the frigid rain as her bladder contracted fiercely, trying to force her to pee right there. She gasped and squeezed between her thighs again, bouncing frantically on the spot. Finally, she managed to regain a modicum of control.

Claire turned and hurried towards the doors to the RPD. She couldn’t take being in the rain any longer. She needed to head inside and find Leon, or anyone…and the restrooms. Throwing open the doors, she was greeted to a sight that made her blood run colder than the rain outside.

The lobby was all but destroyed. The lights revealed chairs and desks strewn about, items abandoned or forgotten littered the floor, but there wasn’t a single soul in the entrance hall. Were they all hiding deeper in? Or were they all gone?

Thankful that she could see clearly at last, she took a deep breath. “Hello? Is anyone here?” she called loudly. Deafening silence answered her, punctuated only by the muted staccato of rain on the ceiling high above.

A particularly fierce squeeze from the invisible hand that held her bladder shocked her back into action. “Right. Pee first. Then we look for people. I can’t keep holding this, I can’t take it anymore.”

But just as Claire made to hurry deeper into the building and begin her search, she noticed movement on a laptop screen across from her, sitting at the reception desk. It was displaying a security camera feed from somewhere in the building. And to her absolutely horror, there was a police officer backing down a hallway, firing his sidearm again and again at a shambling corpse that was about to set upon him.

“Oh shit…they’re in here too…”

His mouth was moving and Claire hurried to the laptop, turning the volume up. He waved a book at the camera. “Marvin, are you there? I found a way out! It’s in here!” He shoved the book in his shirt pocked and took another shot at the zombie.

This time, however, it didn’t stagger it. The creature tried to grab him, but he charged forward and unbalanced it, knocking it down before turning back to the camera. “Send reinforcements! East hallway, hurry!”

Claire was overcome with tremendous anxiety. She needed to help this man before he was eaten by those thing, but she desperately needed to pee but she kept finding herself in situations that she wasn’t able to. It wasn’t getting any easier to hang on even though she was out of the rain. She found herself dancing from foot to foot in front of the laptop quickly, a jittery motion that didn’t relieve the pressure in her lower abdomen at all. She was convinced she’d pop if she stood perfectly still though. Her thighs were pressed together hard, so hard in fact that she was actually shaking a bit from the exertion. It was hard to tell if that was the reason honestly; her entire body was trembling from head to toe as she fought with everything she had not to flood her pants on the spot.

“I can’t leave him to die while I go to the bathroom. Hold it in Claire. You’re a big girl, you can wait.”

Gritting her teeth and seizing her handgun, she looked towards the door that lead to the east hall and found a large shutter mostly closed. She hurried towards it and pressed the button next to it. It stared to move but a heavy thunk sounded and the mechanism stopped entirely. It was broken, clearly. There was just enough space for her to squeeze underneath it, though.

Easing herself down on her front, Claire gritted her teeth hard. Her bladder was pressed right against the floor and it sent a dizzying pain and need for relief exploding through her body. “Fuck,” she hissed, screwing her eyes shut and squeezing with everything she had to hold back. Once she had a bit of control back, she quickly crawled underneath the door and stood gingerly.

The hallway was dark, unlike the lobby, and she seized the flashlight she still had, igniting it and pointing it down the hall, her gun drawn. There was nothing but silence, even if this hallway did look worse than the room she’d just come from. She began to step forward quickly, taking short, panting breaths. She couldn’t afford to breathe too fully; she was scared that expanding her lungs that much might put too much strain on her bladder and she’d lose control. She’d come this far, she was going to make it to a bathroom, damn it.

Turning the corner she saw a sign that normally would have made her rejoice, but for now just made her want to cry tears of frustration. The universal signs for the restrooms hung from the ceiling just ahead of her. Claire so badly wanted to dart into them and let loose the incredible reservoir of pee she had waiting impatiently in her excruciatingly full bladder. She had been waiting for hours. She’d needed to go so badly for so long she didn’t even remember what it felt like to not be desperate anymore. But a man’s life hung in the balance. She was the only one who could help right now. And if that meant holding it even longer or eventually just losing control entirely, his life was worth more than her relief.

Hurrying past the restrooms and fighting back the urge to pee right where she stood, Claire turned the last corner to find another empty hallway. It was then that she heard frantic screaming and slamming on a wall nearby. Glancing to her left, she saw the windows that led to an office where a metal shuttered door was closed. It was rattling. That was where he was. Breaking into a run that made her bladder cry out and convulse violently, Claire rounded the last corner and threw open the doorway to the office so hard that it bounced off the wall and closed behind her again.

“Help! Help!! Please! Somebody!” The man’s shrieks were panicked and terrified. Claire rushed to the door, placing her gun and light on the desk.

“I’m here!” she called loudly.

“Open the door!! Hurry, please!”

Claire seized the handle on the ground, having to crouch and bend as she did so. She yelped involuntarily as the motion squeezed her bladder hard, a debilitating surge of frantic desperation shooting through her. A hot jet of pee blasted through her iron clad defenses and she felt her thighs grow warm. It took her two seconds to clamp off the flow while she lifted the shutter handle with everything she had.

The large door began to groan open, but she could only pull it so far. It was just too heavy. After about a quarter of the way, she man began to crawl through in a panic.

“Take my hand!” Claire shouted.

He grabbed her wrists in a blind panic and she pulled as hard as she could, forcing him under the door. Before she could get him fully into the room though, the man started screaming violently, a more feral sound than she’d ever heard a human make. Pulling him hard, she was horrified when his body finally cleared the threshold. Or rather…what was left of his body. His lower half was entirely missing, his entrails falling to the floor below them. Claire felt bile rise in her throat as the urge to vomit momentarily became greater than her urge to pee. She fought it back down as, somewhere in the back of her mind, she realized the man had stopped screaming. He was clearly dead, but she couldn’t bring herself to look again. She hurriedly forced the door back down to keep out whatever it was that had done that to him.

Trembling from horror and the fact that she was about to lose control and piss herself completely, Claire grabbed the notepad she’d seen in the camera feed earlier, careful not to look at the man’s lower half. She’d need a way out if the whole place was overrun. Grabbing her gun and flashlight, she hurried towards the door. If she could just make it back down the hallway, she’d finally be able to pee before she had to wear urine-soaked pants for the rest of the night. Then she could search more easily for survivors. And Leon.

The door burst open before she reached it though and a zombie dressed in a blue uniform dragged itself towards her. She gasped in surprise and peed hard into her pants for two seconds, but her survival instincts took over immediately. Her gun pointed at its head and she pulled the trigger with expert precision. The zombie staggered back as the bullet blasted into its head and she took the opportunity to charge it, slamming into it with her shoulder. The monster flew backwards and fell to the ground, dazed and immobile.

Though she’d clamped off the flow once more, the sudden fierce motion had left her bladder teetering on the brink of explosion. One more move like that and she wouldn’t have to worry about holding it until she reached a toilet anymore. But if there were zombies here now, could she even afford to use that bathroom? She’d be a sitting duck if they heard her…and they definitely would. Claire felt like she had an entire ocean held inside her bladder. It would take a long time to empty and if a group of them came after her while she was peeing…

Shaking her head, Claire hurried back down the hallway. It wasn’t doing her any favors to stand there debating. If that creature got up again, she’d have bigger problems. Unfortunately, as she rounded the corner and saw the restroom sign again, she also saw two more zombies before her: an overweight security guard and what used to be a woman in a white dress. Goddamn this place! Panicking for a myriad of reasons, Claire stopped and aimed her gun, firing one, two times, placing a bullet into each of their heads.

Blessedly, the monsters staggered and Claire ran forward, not caring if she lost control anymore. She’d be lucky to get out of here alive now, surrounded by these bastards from every direction. She slipped between them while they were reeling and raced for the end of the hall. A fierce spurt of urine shot out of her and warmed her thighs again, but she couldn’t stop. Her back was to the wall and she only had one escape.

She reached the end of the hall where the blast door was at last and threw herself on the ground, another large spray of pee soaking her panties. She crawled frantically forward, hearing the approaching zombies from behind her in the hallway. Just when she thought she was home free, though, she felt a cold hand seize her ankle.

Panic set in. Unbridled, unabashed panic. She’d seen what they’d done to that poor officer back in the office. She kicked and writhed and screamed. “Help! Someone please help me!” She tried to get a decent angle to shoot it in the head, but she couldn’t get her sights on it. Pee was rapidly escaping her poor exhausted bladder now but she barely even noticed. She just had to get away.

“Grab on!” a deep voice said from nearby. She looked up and saw a tall man, also an officer from his uniform, offering her his hand.

She seized it immediately and he yanked her hard out from under the door. She felt the grip on her ankle vanish and crawled a bit further, turning just in time to see the man place his foot on the handle and bring the door crashing to the ground with all his weight. The zombie’s head exploded on impact.

Claire was trembling still. The near-brush with death and rattled her but she’d be okay in time. Now, though, she was painfully aware of the fact that she was full-on peeing her pants. She had tried so hard to avoid it. She’d almost made it. But that last stretch had proven just too much for her. Unable to stop the flow, Claire just sighed heavily and took as much pleasure as she could in the feeling of her extraordinarily full bladder finally becoming empty. The pleasure was dulled by the embarrassment she felt at wetting herself unabashedly in front of a perfect stranger, but there was nothing that could be done to stop it.

The man waited for her to finish and compose herself, choosing to look around the lobby and canvas the doors for potential zombies instead of watching her while she wet herself uncontrollably. After another twenty seconds, Claire was empty and breathed a deep sigh of relief. Her face was flushed a bit and her pride was damaged, but she was otherwise just fine. Rising to her feet, she offered a guilty smile.

“Thanks for saving me. Sorry about…that.”

The officer shook his head. “Happens to the best of us, especially in that type of circumstance. I’ve seen people lose control in scary situations more times than you might believe.” His deep voice was calm, reassuring.

“I always assumed wetting yourself out of fear wasn’t all that normal in real life,” she mused, grateful for another human to have a conversation with.

“It depends on the moment, I suppose. Though if you don’t mind my commenting, it looks like that wasn’t just a little fear wetting. You’d been waiting quite some time, huh?”

There wasn’t a hint of teasing in his voice or eyes. He was probably just as grateful to be able to have a conversation with someone and was saying the first thing that came to mind. Claire couldn’t fight down the blush that dusted her cheeks though.

“Yeah, about six hours, give or take.”

“And you still managed to shoot like that with a bladder that full?”

Claire looked at him in surprise but he just gestured to the laptop security feed. Claire nodded her understanding. “Yeah, I guess so. I didn’t even really think about it.”

“Obviously you know what you’re doing.”

“Yeah, I know how to take care of myself. My brother taught me that and then some.”

“Must be a hell of a shot, this brother of yours.”

“You might know him. Chris Redfield.”

The man blinked in surprise for a moment. “Chris Redfield? You’re his sister?”

“That’s right. I’m Claire, nice to meet you,” she said, extending her hand.

“Marvin Branagh. Good to meet you too.” She noticed that he holstered his gun before offering his weapon hand to her in return. She finally realized that his other hand was holding his side and blood was seeping from a wound near his ribs. Claire was immediately concerned for him and he noticed it in her eyes.

“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine. We have to find a way out of here, though. This place isn’t safe anymore.”

Claire nodded unconvinced. “Then we’re getting out of here together, so you better hang in there.”

Marvin chuckled before wincing in pain. “Guess I don’t have much of a choice then. Come on, let’s get deeper inside so we can watch the doors. Maybe there’s a dry pair of jeans in one of the supply bags too.”

Claire couldn’t help but blush again. She hadn’t made it after all. She’d tried so hard to make it to the restroom, but for the first time since she was four, she’d lost control and peed her pants. The circumstances were pretty extreme though; maybe she’d forgive herself this time. But as she fell into step next to Marvin, the memory of her accident was already starting to melt away. She shouldn’t waste time feeling embarrassed or dwelling on it any longer. Though, Claire had to admit to herself, it did feel incredibly good to have finally peed after that many hours of holding and waiting. Regardless, there were more important things to worry about now, like finding Leon and Chris and getting out of here. This wasn’t the end of her night from hell. It was just the beginning…

