Kabuto Yakushi Bedwetting

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2016-12-23 05:48

As he walked down the hall, Orochimaru heard strange noises coming from Kabuto's bedroom. Frowning in confusion-why was he up this late anyway?-Orochimaru walked to the door and opened it slowly so as not to alert the boy to his presence. His eyes widened with surprise, then narrowed as he smirked. Kabuto was pulling the sheets off his bed, sniffling and making little mewling noises as he wiped at the tears streaming down his face. The smell of urine was evident even from the doorway, and Orochimaru laughed to himself. So his new spy wet the bed? That wasn't a problem when Kabuto was staying in his master's hideout, but trouble would certainly arise if he had an accident on a mission, as it would draw attention to him. Orochimaru cleared his throat loudly, startling the young teen and making him jump. Kabuto whirled around to face him, and lowered his head, ashamed of what he'd done. "Did you use the toilet before going to sleep?"

"Yes, sir, I did..." Orochimaru sighed. "I didn't peg you for a bedwetter." Kabuto let out a humiliated sob and hid his face with his hair, shoulders trembling as he stared at the floor. He tried to answer, but was unable to speak at the moment.

Orochimaru sighed again and walked over to the boy, awkwardly petting his hair. "Look, it doesn't matter to me. You'll have to wear diapers on spy missions, however." Kabuto shook his head frantically, but Orochimaru just nodded. "You'll stand out if you wet the bed. Most fifteen-year-olds can hold it through the night, you know." When he heard those words, Kabuto began to bawl like an infant, burying his head in his hands. Unintelligible apologies tumbled from his lips, and Orochimaru took a step back. To his surprise, the medic grabbed his wrist and tried to pull him closer, seeking comfort. Orochimaru nervously gave Kabuto a hug-he didn't know how to deal with crying children!-and rubbed circles on his back.

"There. There."

After several minutes, Kabuto began to calm down, and finally seemed to relax. To Orochimaru's utter shock, Kabuto nuzzled his face into the older man's chest and continued to hug him after he calmed down. Orochimaru frowned and tried to pry him off, but the boy cried out when he did and clung tighter. With a third sigh, the snake picked his young assistant up bridal-style and carried him into his room. "You can sleep with me tonight. If you pee on me, I'll kill you." Kabuto ignored the death threat and snuggled closer to Orochimaru, entwining their legs. "Don't do that. You're still wet, but it's too late for a bath."

A/N: Because the world needs Kabuto omorashi. I headcanon him as being very timid around Orochimaru when he first started working for him, and...yeah. I made a thing.

