Otium

Author: I like wet bikinis

*000*2019-07-02 10:06

Like any citizen, I like to keep my afternoons for otium. I had no engagements that day, so decided I would entertain myself by reading, and with my slaves. At that time there were three that I preferred to screw, Leena, Hannah and Emily. I had also just bought Martha and although I’d taken her several times on her first day, I had not taken her since. Those were the four who were on shift that afternoon. I made sure of that.

I instructed them in the morning that they had to seek my permission before they could relieve themselves. Then I set them to their morning tasks and told them they must attend upon me in the courtyard for lunch and after. I put them out of my mind while I busied myself with paperwork on my property and investments.

Shortly before lunch Leena did interrupt me once. Politely she curtseyed and asked me to excuse her. She wriggled appealingly as she bobbed down and it was obvious to me that she was bursting for a pee. I pretended ignorance and asked her for what she wanted to be excused.

‘Master,’ she said, ‘I really do need to use a pot.’ She glanced sideways at the empty chamber pot in the corner of my room. I asked what she needed to use it for.

‘Master, I need relief.’

‘Have you finished your tasks? And is my lunch ready?’

‘No, Master. Not yet. But I fear that…’

I didn’t let her finish. I hoped that she feared she might lose control and wet the floor. She looked as if she might.

‘Well then, finish your tasks and prepare my lunch. Once I have eaten I may feel more indulgent to allowing you to indulge your needs.’

She looked confused. I was normally kinder to my slaves and she was not used to an unreasonable refusal from me. I took advantage of the pause to order her away.

‘Go and finish your tasks and do not disturb me again until you call me to lunch. Leena, go!’

She curtseyed again, turned and left. I am sure I saw a slight shudder as she did so. Her need to empty herself was getting desperate. She looked to someone around the corner and out of sight from me and shook her head, then walked away, down the hall. It was Martha who appeared and trotted after her, hand pressed into her crotch.

Shortly Emily appeared.

‘Master. Your lunch is ready in the courtyard.’

‘Thank you. Emily, do you need to wee?’

She blushed charmingly as she replied, dropping eye contact.

‘Yes Master.’

‘Well, you’ll just have to hold it, and do stop fidgeting. I’ll be there shortly.’

‘Yes Master.’

I tidied my desk and walked to the courtyard. It formed an enclosed garden in the centre of the house. A cloistered arcade made each of the four sides, with the roof open to the sky and the midday sunshine. Hannah closed the door behind me as I entered the cloister. I would be alone with the four girls for the rest of the day.

‘Hannah.’

‘Yes Master?’

‘I think some of the girls may need the toilet. Could you please bring a sand tray for them?’

‘Yes Master.’ She was not able to stop herself from squeezing herself between her legs as she spoke. She needed a piss too.

I sat down at the table in the shade and watched Hannah walk away, admiring how her short tunic displayed her slim legs. She nodded at Emily, who hurried after her. They came back with a large wooden tray and two canvas buckets of sand. Hannah put the tray down where I indicated, close to my seat. She curtseyed when she did so; her hem rose momentarily to the top of her soft thighs and I caught a quick flash of the pink delta of the lips between her legs. The mischievous girl had removed her loincloth and was now naked under her tunic. I was sure that the flash was no accident, her tunic seemed hitched slightly higher under her belt than before.

Emily helped her pour sand into the tray and spread it evenly. I’m sure that it was no accident that Hannah bent over in front of me briefly, to flash me again. Both curtseyed when the job was done, and Emily glanced at Leena. She and Martha were standing nearby, both pee-dancing.

I guessed that the girls had agreed that Leena would be the first to ask for permission. They thought of her as most likely to persuade me to indulge them. Indeed, she was.

‘Master.’

‘Yes, Leena?’

‘Master, may I use the sand, please?’

I said nothing, I just gave her the look that asked, why?

‘Master, if I can’t use the sand I think I’m going to wet myself. I really, really need to pee.’

I nodded and smiled.

She visibly relaxed.

‘Thank you Master.’

She lifted the hem of her tunic as she turned and hurried to the tray. By the time she got there she had undone her loincloth and it dropped to the ground. I got a quick glimpse of her peachy, rounded buttocks and then she turned sideways on, naked from the waist down, and squatted over the sand, feet astride the tray.

She had been desperate. She was already watering the sand as she lowered her bum towards it. She leaned forward, crouching on her toes, hugging her knees. A glistening line of pee squirted forward, bubbling, pooling and cutting into the sand. She parted her thighs slightly to watch that she was peeing into the tray. Then she sighed and closed her eyes, relaxing now she no longer had to struggle to control her bodily functions.

She had been full. She kept pissing and pissing and the puddle below her grew. I could see the other girls now looking at her slightly resentfully. They too needed to tend to their fullness and it was almost paining them to have to wait while they watched and heard Leena relieving herself in front of them.

Martha had both hands under her tunic, squeezing herself closed from front and back. She could not stand still, wriggling her hips. Nor could Hannah or Emily. Hannah had both hands pressed to her crotch, and was almost marching on the spot. Emily was holding her arms stiffly by her side but kept crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs together, head up and staring at the blue sky.

I tried not to be distracted. Leena was still squirting a steady stream. The sight of her femininity; squatting to pee and the vulnerable display of her naked thighs and bum was having an enjoyable effect on my masculinity. She had now turned her head to look at me and saw she had my complete attention. She smiled and kept weeing. She now balanced herself with one hand on the floor and slightly raised her bum as her flow softened. She decided to finish and cut off the stream to a few drips. Emily handed her a cloth which she dropped on the sand once she had wiped herself dry.

I wondered which girl would ask me for permission next. They all had the good sense not to interrupt me while I’d been enjoying Leena’s performance.

The silence was broken by the sound of a sudden loud splattering. Martha’s hands flew up to cover her face and everyone looked at her. The poor girl had been unable to hold on. She had lost control and had started to piss into her loincloth where she stood. A clear stream splashed into a small puddle on the mosaic floor between her sandaled feet. Shocked by the sudden flood she simply stood still, feet apart, and pissed through her underwear. She had no chance of halting the flow of pee. She actually found her muscles were forcing the piss out just as if she were perched on her chamber pot.

The back of her thighs tickled with warm, wet dribbles trickling down them. Without thinking about it, she parted her thighs slightly and bent her knees to let the pee run more easily through her loincloth. She was horrified and embarrassed by this dramatic loss of control and feared my anger.

Softly, I said, ‘That’s fine Martha, you have my permission to pee. Keep going as long as you need to. There’s no harm done.’

I glanced quickly at each of the other two. They understood that they still needed my permission. Emily groaned.

Martha was standing in the middle of a large, still growing puddle. A strong stream of pee was still falling from her, the source hidden in her tunic. Splashes darkened the floor in every direction, except where her feet and legs were blocking the flying droplets. She moved her hands down slightly to uncover her eyes. She looked at me. I smiled and nodded. She visibly relaxed and looked down. Hesitantly, she lifted her hem to look at her wet loincloth, showing me she was still urinating through it.

Shortly, she regained control and was able to stop herself peeing. The stream quickly faded, became a tapping of drips and then stopped. Still holding her tunic above her hips she looked at me, wondering what would happen now. I asked,

‘Martha, can you still pee? Have you got more to come?’

She said nothing, but nodded.

‘Go on then. Pee.’

I intended her to undress and finish in the sand tray, but she misunderstood. Deliberately, she wet herself again. As she stood motionless her pale underwear glistened again with wetness and another sparking stream poured forth. She pissed in front of me for a short while and then stopped.

‘Go on!’ I encouraged. And she repeated the entertainment for me. She managed three more quick wettings like that before she was too empty for any more.

Then she released her sodden garment and dropped it into the puddle, briefly revealing a small, dark, neatly trimmed bush above her pretty vulva. Yes, I thought, I will see much more of that. Leena was there with a cloth for her to dry herself, and the two of them then got on with drying the puddle on the floor.

That left the other two, Emily and Hannah, to use the tray. Who first, I wondered?

‘Emily. Please lift your skirt.’

She looked surprised, but thought about it only momentarily, and did as she was told. She was clothed under her tunic but I still enjoyed the sight of her hips and long legs.

‘Hannah, do you wish to use the sand tray now?’

‘Yes please, Master.’

This was her reward for titillating me earlier with the glimpses of her vagina and bum, naked under her clothes.

‘Go on then Hannah. Don’t make Emily wait too much longer. And Emily, if you really can’t wait, you don’t have my permission to undress. You’ll just have to wet yourself if you’re too desperate.’

Biting her lip, Emily just nodded. Hannah seemed to be in a flirtatious mood. I wondered what she might do to amuse me.

She turned away from me, then pushed her tunic off her left shoulder, then the right. It made hardly a sound as it dropped to the floor. Now she was naked, her long hair falling down her back towards her exposed buttocks. Like a statue of Aphrodite, she raised her arms high above her head, hand on wrist, and moved her weight from one leg to another. Her hips curved and swayed below her slender waist. I was entranced. She was naked, but I could not see her breasts or her yoni. She was teasing me, and I was enjoying it.

Slowly and precisely, Hannah stepped towards the tray. She turned each foot carefully in front of the other, to sway her hips as she went. She stopped at the side of the tray, facing away from it (and at an angle to me, so I still could not see her tits or her slit). She crouched down on her toes, then balanced herself with her fingertips. Leaning forward she then kneeled on all fours. She moved slightly backwards so her knees were either side of the tray and her crotch was just over the edge of it.

Now her legs were parted, I was looking down on her bum and her yoni. A quick, sharp stream shot out of her slit and splashed into the damp sand at the far end of the tray. She turned her head to look behind and make sure she was on target with her peeing, then looked at me, brushing the hair from her face, and smiled. Her piss was arcing through the air to splatter loudly into the tray, splashing sandy drips across the floor behind. Emily stepped back a couple of paces.

I had a lovely view of Hannah’s naked body, bum, legs, back and her left breast hanging down and swaying gently. It took all my self-control to remain seated. I wanted to stroke her thighs and feel the soft flesh between her legs. Seeing her peeing in front of me like that made me want to take her immediately. I barely noticed what the other girls were doing while I watched. I was vaguely aware that Emily was wriggling and fidgeting as if she were about to burst. But I kept my eyes on Hannah while she sprayed her pee behind her and into the sand.

Hannah kept watching me the whole time she was peeing. After a while, the pressure dropped and the arcing stream started to drop and land closer to her. Shortly it had died to a trickle just dribbling from her and dropping into the edge of the tray below her. When she finished, she wiped herself with a cloth, rose and walked away, still not showing her naked front to me before she vanished into the arcade.

I realised that Emily was desperate, both to pee, and to get my attention to ask permission to do so. I nodded to her and glanced at the sand tray. She gave a relieved expression and dashed over to it. She stood astride it, sideways on to my view and lifted her skirts to her waist. As she did that she bent over, sticking her bum out behind her and leaning forward, resting her elbows on her knees. She was already wetting herself, pissing through her loincloth into the wet sand.

From the side I had an excellent view of the fierce stream dropping into the sand behind her. She was peeing into her underwear with full force. She looked at me.

‘Master?’

‘Yes, Emily?’

‘You did not give me permission to undress. But I don’t think I had time anyway.’

‘Were you that desperate?’

‘Yes. I had wet myself a little while waiting for Emily to finish. Then it all started to rush out even before I got to the sand. It was already running down my legs and I just couldn’t stop it.’

‘You can undress now. Or when you have finished, if you prefer.’

She was weeing the whole time we had that conversation. Still weeing, she tried, one-handed (the other was holding her tunic above her waist) to loosen her loincloth to release it. It took a bit of fumbling, but then it fell away and she was naked below the waist.

Now her pee-stream spiralled and flickered, squirting down into the sand with no material to obstruct it. She had nearly finished and it did not take her very much longer to make herself comfortable and shut off the flow. I enjoyed seeing her dry herself down.

The afternoon had started well, but I realised I had not even started my lunch. As always, there was too much for me, so I invited the girls to share it with me. There was enough bread, cheese, fruit, beer and wine to sustain us all for the rest of the day. Myself, and four obedient girls, none of whom was wearing any undergarments. Shut in the courtyard together, we would not be disturbed and I intended to enjoy myself.

*008*2020-02-23 18:18

{{On 7/12/2019 at 6:24 PM, Alex Oxford said:

I actually really freaking like this story. I think it’s very creative, and very original! I’m not sure what time period or culture it takes place in, but I There’s enough information there that gives me the impression of a Roman or Greek bible of sorts!

I’d love to see you continue this and elaborate on it! It seems like Hannah knows the narrators tastes pretty well, and she knows how to get him going. I’d love to see that play out a little more!

}}

Thank you. Yes, it's inspired by classical Roman culture, as are my 'slave market' series.

The Romans were sexually liberated. Theirs was also a slave culture. I am sure that wealthy men would have abused the girls they owned.

{{On 7/17/2019 at 1:38 AM, Weasel said:

Not my usual style -- I am much more about consensual relations -- but today, this fantasy just hit the spot.

And it's remarkably well-written. As one creator to another: deftly done. I quite look forward to seeing how else you can spin this scenario.

}}

It's fantasy. I make no excuses. Please don't treat it as a moral or ethical story. It's not.

And thank you for your kind words. Encouragement and appreciation is very welcome.

