Roka Time! ~ A look into the life of the Author's Avatar

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2017-07-20 19:11

Hey, all! It's-a me again!

I know that I've faded into obscurity over my lack of fiction activity on here, considering I'm like a birthday at the moment and only post a new story (or stories) once a year, but this topic will (hopefully) be a little different. This is where I'll post my one-shot really short short-stories featuring my Loli-me from my Halloween story last year! In case you're unaware, of who I'm talking about, you can find my works dotted around here and in the blogs section, just search up my name and they should appear.

For laziness's sake, I'll list how my little Roka looks in this introductory post to save space and time in the updates I will (hopefully) post here. Just so you're aware, Roka is a loli, so if you're anti-loli, then stay away! All the stories here will be around 500 ~ 1500 words at most (or as close to as possible), as then they fit into the 'short story' category. If you've followed me for a while, you'll know that it definitely is short in comparison to my other works. I'll post to here as and when I write up these shorts but, considering they're small works, I should be able to squeeze them in among all my other life obligations.

And now, the moment you've probably been waiting for

Roka - "It's time to introduce myself!"

And there she is....

She seems eager, so I'll let her do all the descriptive stuff.

Roka - "Wow, what a way to push all the hard stuff on me." *pout* "A-ny-ways, despite the lazy Author, I'll get you all acquainted with the super cute, super fun, super sexy ME!"

Roka - "I'm a petite girl, just a liiitleeee under five feet tall. I'm of legal age, of course! Which, for where I live is 18, but I look more like I've just started Senior School! Boooooo! I have long dark brown hair which I like to tie in twintails, or a ponytail, depending on how I'm feeling, and uber-cute blue eyes! I'm not very big around the chest area (stupid lolicon Author!)" HEY! I heard that! "J-Just kidding! I like to dress in cute clothes and my hobbies include: Gaming, Anime, Reading, Pen and Paper Roleplaying and tinkering around in RPG Making programmes."

Now we all know each other, it's time to update this with my first submission to this pet project.

Roka - "W-wait! I'm not done yet!"

Stay tuned!

*001*2017-07-20 19:30

Seconds after my introductory one comes the first story!

Roka - "That's gotta be a new record for you."

Not actually, I've done this once before

Roka - "Whatever, You're still a lazy good-for-nothing lolicon."

Swiftly moving on, my first story is based around a time Roka got a little too into her Game Making Hobby and ended up making Lake Roka. For disclaimer's sake: I do not own any of the Brand Names or Production Company names listed in this story. I am purely using them for non-profit works to add realism into my story.

Roka - "Couldn't you have just, y'know, created spoof names like 'Bed Rull - Turquoise Version', or 'Game Maker ExPrime', or whatevs? They do that all the time in Anime and Manga."

They just sound stupid...

Anyway, on with the story!

Roka-Time! The pain of Event Processing

“Not another bugged event!” The young girl groaned in exasperation as she lay her head on her computer desk, which was littered with empty sweet wrappers and energy drink cans. On her computer screen was an open instance of a playtest for an RPG Maker VXAce game, running in a perpetual loop of the same text boxes over and over again. “What did I do wrong this time?”

Pushing herself back up to view the paradox she’d created, Roka force-closed the playtest and returned to the Project in the Software’s main application. She brushed a few strands of her dark brown hair out of her eyes and opened up the event square to see what had gone wrong.

“Trigger switch is right, textboxes are all in order, character graphics are linked up...” Roka listed off as she looked through the bugged event. “...NPC move pattern set up and active, movement path is...damn it, not again!”

She had found that she’d caused the event to run through impassible terrain, which led to the event not fully executing and, therefore, creating the unending cycle.

“Maybe I need a little boost.” She sighed to herself as she got off her gaming chair and headed over to the mini-fridge in her room. She opened the door to the fridge, rummaged around inside of it for a bit and then pulled out a can of ‘Red Bull – Blue Edition’. “Got my mana potion, and now, back to work!”

With the satisfying fizz of a chilled can opening, Roka returned to her workstation and blitzed through the error she’d created, fixing it up so, upon the next playtest, the event processed correctly.

A few hours of successful programming later, with the added aide of a few more ‘Mana Potions’, Roka had just about reached a natural stopping point.

“Break time.” The intrepid game maker mused to herself after saving her currently working project. “The rest should work as intended, if my past self was more attentive to detail than I am.”

The copious amount of caffeinated beverages she’d consumed when in her slump were starting to make their presence known, as the telltale pressure mounting in her lower abdomen attested to that.

“Maybe I’d better visit the girl’s room.”

Roka was about to head out of her room when a bleep from her computer notified her that she’d just received a PM. Curious as to who may be messaging her while her Steam Status said she was currently in an app, she returned to her computer desk and opened up the little message box. It was one of her Steam Buddies wanting to get an insider into the project she was working on. She was willing to part with some details, but the more ‘in depth’ ones weren’t really socially acceptable to all but a very specific audience, and this person wasn’t one of them.

The small leaks of teaser information Roka was giving out caused the conversation to remain exceptionally interesting, with replies shooting back and forth between the two. Subconsciously, while chatting, Roka’s sitting position had changed slightly, so her foot was on her chair with her heel pressing into the folds around the crotch of her bright orange cotton short-shorts. Her left hand, while not tapping away on her keyboard, was also resting on the ankle of her foot, with the tip of her wrist also aiding the makeshift stopper created by her heel.

Eventually, the chatty conversationalist had exhausted all their probing questions, which gave Roka the much needed freedom to return to her previous duties. It was getting to around dinner time now, and her family would soon be returning home, which meant that she’d have to stop her project and be sociable at the dinner table. She was certain she’d heard someone coming up the stairs while ending the conversation. The pressure had been mounting, despite the dam she’d created, and she knew that she’d likely not get another chance for a while, so it was now or never!

“I really need to watch what I’m drinking.” Roka chided herself for allowing it to get this bad. “Now I know how my characters feel.”

The squirming girl left her room and nearly reached the bathroom when her older Brother came out of his room and beat her to it. She was not impressed in the slightest.

“You’d better not take long in the shower.” Roka pouted to her brother. “Your adorable sister is bursting here.”

“You’re not a kid any more. You can hold it for a while longer.” Her brother countered with a dismissive shrug. “Anyway, you’ve been at home all day. You could’ve gone at any time.”

“Five minutes! You’ve got five minutes and then I’m breaking in there.” Roka sternly ordered her brother before storming off back into her room, one hand firmly pressing against the folds of her shorts.

The next five minutes were the most agonising moments for Roka. She couldn’t stop fidgeting on her chair and now had to use both a hand and her heel to keep her pent up liquids in check. She’d even resorted to grinding her tensed lower lips against the side of her foot, which caused her to be more aroused than stave off her tortured bladder.

Roka tried to take her mind off of it by processing more events in her Project, but, due to the nature of the game and her current distracted state, she didn’t get very far with either one. She tentatively looked down to see an evident, albeit still small, bulge showing out of her Pixel Neptunia shirt. Her bladder was finally reaching its limit, and her shirt could no longer hide it that well, considering she’d opted for a smaller size to show off her midriff. Wanting to avoid messing up her expensive chair, she decided to hound her brother. It had been her designated time limit, after all. Leaving an event in process during her current playtest, Roka rushed out of her room to the bathroom and banged on the door.

“Time’s up! Get outta there before I use your bed as a toilet!” Roka shouted through the closed door, but was likely overpowered by both the music playing on the other side, and the destructive sound of a shower running. Probably not the best idea she’d had…

The taunting sound of liquid flowing freely on the other side of the door was the last straw for Roka’s exhausted bladder. At first, she felt a spurt, which caused her to yelp and curl in on herself to try and prevent any further losses. Being in a squatting position just made matters worse as she soon felt a three second leak gush out of her to be absorbed by the parched cotton which made up her shorts. The bright orange now had a tennis ball sized dark orange patch right on the seam of the crotch.

“Don’t come out, don’t come out...” Roka willed her pained urethra to remain strong. “Please, not right now...not this close….”

Despite how much she willed it, more spurts came, and more of her shorts darkened from soaking up all the liquids leaving her. She knew she’d lost this battle, but she wasn’t about to give up, not just yet! However, when the final spurt refused to stop, she knew it was too late. With a stifled sob, a sheer torrent of clear liquid gushed of out her, splattering against the wooden tiled flooring, pooling around her bare feet and expanding outwards to create a zone akin to a lake around her. As Lake Roka continued to grow, her shorts were saturated in the deluge, darkening to a deep orange across the entire material, sticking to her body and fusing with the panties she wore underneath, clearly showing her taste in underwear as the shorts became see through. After near enough a full minute, the pattering piddle turned into small drips, rippling as they joined the lake underneath her.

Rather than being distraught, Roka was, in fact, fuming. She stood up from her crouched position, folded her arms across her chest and glared at the wooden door which separated her from the relief she needed seconds ago. A moment later, the door clicked open and out stepped Roka’s brother in his bathrobe. He took one look at the leering little sister in front of him and simply asked.

“What’s got you so pissy. Has a month passed already?”

“It may as well have with how long you take in the shower.” Roka shot back, bitterness evident in her tone. “Why don’t you take a guess? And, no, I’m not ‘on it’ at the moment.”

Roka’s brother appraised her for a few seconds before shrugging and stating.

“It’s not my fault you’re such a kid that you couldn’t hold it.”

And that was the day that Roka’s brother remembered that it wasn’t a good idea to insult his little sister, even more so in nothing but a bathrobe. Especially when she was a purple belt in Karate and just the perfect height to make those skills count.

With a swift kick to the family jewels, Roka stormed past her brother, who was now kneeled on the floor nursing his nads, and into the bathroom. She turned for a moment and uttered a counter insult before slamming the door behind her.

“Stupid Big Brother!”

The End

There we go, story one of unknown done! Roka is, as one would expect, based loosely off of me, save for these situations she gets herself in.. I'm a viewer, not a doer. As usual, constructive criticism is greatly appreciated, but no flaming. These aren't as good as my usual works, but that's to be expected, considering they're spur of the moment things

Roka - "And that's another way to say....RUSHED!"

Please keep her entertained while I reclaim my sanity...

Roka - "Coming from the one who's holding a conversation with himself by pretending to be two people.You're insane, admit it."

*005*2017-07-21 06:11

{{2 hours ago, Faust said:

Saril: As for the sanity issue...We're all a bit crazy, Hon. You just need to learn to accept it, and enjoy the moments it brings.

}}

I know that I'm far past the point of no return, but lingering on the edge of eccentricity is essential for good Roleplaying and story writing. Who needs sanity, anyway? xD

{{2 hours ago, Faust said:

AuthorFaust: Faust hopes you haven't hit too many other issues like this...For your own sake. Though, Also for the sake of your brother. He did deserve that crushing of the jewels though.

}}

Roka - "Totally! I mean, would it have killed him to wait a couple of minutes so his darling little sister could tend to her needs?"

Roka - "I tend to be much more better at these kinds of things at home, but when I'm out and doing my thing, then I kinda have a one-track mind, which does lead to some more... flowing rivers. BUT, not normally as public as this one. Like that one time at that convention, where I met Cleo and her friends. Under all those hot studio lights, one can become a little too negligent with monitoring liquid consumption. I really should hound the Author to put that one on here."

Tapris-chama - (Just noticed colours aren't on mobile version. :( Oh well, that's where the cue line comes in!)

*009*2017-07-24 15:26

{{11 hours ago, Night Rain said:

I guess this must have been the story you were talking about creating a while ago, Will any other characters from your other series be showing up or is this just the loli roka show?

}}

I'm afraid this isn't the one I hinted at. This is a completely separate project which shall only include mainly Roka. Other exisiting characters from my works, or some potential OC's to join her, will only make cameo appearances at best.

