Emily Learns to Relax

Author: Ian Lecoveney

*000*2021-08-27 09:07

Entering the door to her one-bedroom apartment, Emily tiredly closed the door behind her, sloughed off her purse, and shook her shoes off. It had been yet another bustling evening shift full of unreasonable grumpy customers, and Emily had hardly had an opportunity to leave the front counter of the convenience store where she worked. "It may pay the bills," Emily thought, "but once I'm done with my degree, I will be so relieved to not work in customer service ever again."

Emily had attempted a degree a few years back, but after three semesters, she had to drop out. Her anxiety had played a large role. She found it difficult to manage time efficiently when so much was wasted on unnecessary worrying. Emily knew she could appear as someone calm and chill, but it was only an act. Underneath her nerves were always tight, ready to spring into some kind of action that was never actually required.

In the entryway she smirked a bit, thinking how none of the customers suspected that for the last hour of her shift Emily had been feeling her bladder slowly fill. A slight warmth radiated from deep within her at the thought, as she had also "forgotten" to use the facilities at work after clocking out. Unfortunately for Emily, being busy also meant she hadn't had an opportunity to refill her drink, and she didn't need to dash to the bathroom anywhere near as badly as she would have liked. "Well, I can fix that now." Emily thought as she strode with purpose to the kitchen and filled a large glass with water twice, drinking it in two long gulps.

Looking at the time on her phone, she pondered how to spend the rest of her evening. She certainly wanted to wait to pee, but what did she want to do with it? Her legs were stiff from standing in place for too long, so she decided she would sit and rest a while and watch videos, and after an hour go on a nice long walk. It was 10:20 now, well after dark, and hopefully fewer people would be walking about the later it got.

By ten 'til Emily was getting restless. Not from needing to pee, just from impatience. Even though she had drank another couple of glasses, her need to relieve herself was only moderate, but her arousal was climbing. Not for the first time did she wish she had someone to share in her kink. She blushed a bit at the thought of sitting on the lap of an imaginary boyfriend, teasing him as they both felt the aching muscles dying to relieve the pressure from their over-filled bladders. She shifted around a slowly, changing where her weight pressed into him, making him wince. She smiled as she imagined his feigned shock the moment she lost control and leaked a little bit into his lap.

Emily breathed deep a few times, pushing sexy thoughts aside. She continued to focus on her video. "Twenty minutes left on this video, then a walk." she said to herself, fooling no one. Ten minutes later she paused the video, deciding she couldn't wait any longer.

Digging through her closet, she pulled out an old T-shirt she used sometimes for painting. She undressed quickly, remarking to herself how absurd what she was about to do really was. Why did she feel compelled to do this? She donned her painting shirt, leaving her bra on. Even though she only had a couple of bras that fit well, there was no reason to expect this one to get wet. Pulling off her sexy-but-somewhat-comfortable black panties, she grabbed an old pair of purple cotton ones and slipped them on.

Finally she went to the bathroom where behind the door a pair of black denim pants hung stiffly on a hook. Last time she had done this, she hadn't washed them, just rinsed them off in the shower, wrung them out, and hung them to dry. They were remarkably stiff, and in a few places there could be seen a thin edge of dried salt crystals. Being dry and partially washed, the smell was faint, but unmistakable. Emily pulled them up her legs and buttoned the top, even though the waist was a little bit tight. Slipping on a pair of old running shoes and a battered ball cap, her ensemble was complete. Taking only her keys, which also had her pepper spray, she set off.

Leaving her small apartment building, Emily could feel a bit of a flutter in her stomach. She breathed in the humid August air deeply a few times, and began walking north, making long strides. Outside it had cooled a little, but she could feel the day's heat still coming off the concrete. A few cars zipped by on the street she lived on, the trees between the sidewalk and street partially shading her from their headlights. She hoped nobody could really see her, and if they could, that they wouldn't recognize her. It wouldn't matter now, but later it might.

A couple blocks later she realized she forgot something. Usually when she tries to do this, she makes sure to empty her bowels so she doesn't have to try to hold anything in. She didn't need to go in that respect right now, but it would have made it easier, since she would have to force things. She always had to force. Last time she intentionally waited at all the crossings of each intersection she walked by, just to give her an excuse to stop and wait, allowing her to force a little pee out. She tried to force while walking, just now. Her bladder was like a steel vault, only allowing anything out with a lot of effort or the right circumstances, that generally being sitting on a toilet. She knew it was all in her head, but she didn't have the control to lose control at will. The forcing made her feel like she needed to go a little more, but nothing happened.

Soon she reached the busy two-lane street that marked the north edge of the large rectangle she intended to walk. To the west was two wider one-way streets a block apart that served as the major north-south arterial for this part of town. She turned left, heading for those. Emily walked by a dark side yard without lights, and feeling emboldened by the dark, again forced her bladder. "Wait, was that a spurt?!" she thought, feeling along the seam under the crotch of her pants. She could feel a small wet patch, and rubbed her fingers together instinctively to dry the liquid off. Suddenly she felt self-conscious, realizing that it would look strange to anyone who could see her from a window to be touching her crotch like that. She realized that was unlikely, but it still made her feel embarrassed.

Continuing to walk west, she was able to dribble a little pee a few more times, all while walking, which she had had trouble doing before. "This is going better than expected!" Emily said to herself. Soon she reached the one-way street, and turned south. Realizing she was about halfway, she forced harder, getting a steady stream going for a couple seconds. Emily looked down, seeing an almost-invisible black-on-black dark patch on the inside of her thigh. There was also a small wet patch on the edge of her shirt, and she realized with some mix of horror and arousal that it was a light blue shirt, and the wet patch was far more visible there than her pants. This made her even more self-conscious. A block later she heard someone shut a screen door nearby and picked up speed.

After a few blocks Emily was finding it easier to pee a short stream more frequently. It came in waves, where it just felt right, and she didn't have to force so much. She walked with her hands in her pockets, her thumbs subtly lifting the front edge of her shirt away from her body. Feeling a bit naughty, she let go of the shirt, and let a good long stream go. She could feel the wet patch grow down to her knees and around her butt. She looked down to find the front edge of her shirt soaked. She quickly looked up to not draw attention to herself just as a wave of cars sped past. "I'm sure they're just watching where they're going and not at me. Besides, the sidewalk is several feet away from the street, and I'm not directly in anyone's headlights" she thought, unsure how embarrassed she should be. Silently she cursed herself for walking next to the northbound one-way street, rather than walking a block further to the southbound one where drivers would only see her back.

Soon she reached close to the south edge of the rectangle she intended to walk, but decided against going to the last main street, choosing the side street before it. The street she had briefly thought of walking on was brightly lit and had a still-open liquor store she intended to avoid. She turned left, venturing into a dark street lit only by a single streetlight filtered by large oak trees lining both sides. Her eyes adjusted to the dark slowly. After one block, Emily swore she could see movement ahead. Yes, she could see it now, someone was walking toward her! She turned quickly at the corner, picking up speed to a brisk jog, realizing that she was leaving the darkness of the trees and walking directly under the street light at the intersection.

Upon reaching the other side, she continued east, while looking across at what she had seen. Sure enough, someone was out walking their dog, thankfully oblivious. The dog walking in front lowered their head briefly as if to sniff, and turned to look right at her as if to give her a quizzical look. Emily sighed with relief as the dog-walker continued on at the same pace, the dog barely breaking stride to stay in front of their owner. The dog may have learned her secret, but wouldn't be able to tell anyone.

Emily chose to turn one street before hers, to stay on quiet side-streets until she got to her apartment. She was a enjoying the walk, but felt like maybe she was going to poop a little bit if she pushed her bladder too hard. A devilish thought crept into her head: "Maybe you'll enjoy that. You could clean it up. It's not like you care about any of these clothes, that's why you're wearing them." She felt particularly negative about it, and she didn't really enjoy messing in the same way as wetting.

She gave in a bit to the devilish voice, and made a half-hearted attempt to poop, but found she couldn't. She wouldn't let herself; her mental blocks were too strong. Instead what happened was she felt a wave of relaxation, and capitalizing on the moment let her half-full bladder go. Pee gushed out of her and down her leg, getting her shoes wet. Emily quickly jumped to the grass where any puddles wouldn't be as noticeable. She walked by three houses before the stream let up. She could feel the fabric of her pants cling to the inside of her leg, and looking down the dim light reflected on the wetness.

Getting to her apartment building's front door, Emily quickly unlocked it and gingerly stepped inside, quietly but quickly climbing the stairs, hoping she wasn't making wet shoe prints on the hardwood. Flying through her apartment door, she shut it behind her and turned the lights on to assess the damage. Her right shoe had a bit of wet spots where it had been dripped on, and her pants were soaked from the front of the thighs to the back, and everything inside, leaving only the sides of her legs dry. Her shirt had a sizeable wet patch that had climbed up a few inches.

She hobbled her way to the bathroom, making care not to brush against anything. stepping in the tub, she took off her shirt, careful not to let the front brush against her bra or face. She took off her bra, setting it on the counter next to the tub, and proceeded to remove her socks and pants and let them sit in the bottom of the tub, away from the drain. Standing above the drain, Emily could feel a little bit more in her bladder. She put her legs together and crouched slightly, imagining wetting herself uncontrollably in front of a crowd of people. The pee ran through her panties and down her legs, pooling around the drain, while her heart raced with excitement.

Not yet willing to clean herself up, Emily began to rub her clit through her wet panties. Tonight was a good night she wouldn't soon forget.

