Mass Effect: Tali`s Toilet Troubles - Page 2

Author: Itber

*025*2017-10-15 01:58

Busy ATM with some things IRL. But I just came back to ask you guys what you thought of this: Garrus asks Tali for help with something really long and complicated, and Tali eventually runs to the bathroom without a word, Garrus follows to ask what's wrong, Tali gets to the toilet but can't get her suit off, decides to just go, Garrus witnesses it. What should Garrus say/how should Tali feel?

Also, what do you guys think of a scene where Tali is forced to shower with some other female members of the Normandy/can't pee because they'd notice and is tortured by the running water?

*031*2017-10-20 13:31

{{On October 17, 2017 at 12:20 AM, It’s John said:

I really like the story so far and I don’t see anything too big that kills the story or puts it out of pace. I think the desperation happened a bit too quick in my opinion though. If you added some events and backstory that lead up to her desperation then I think it would have made the beginning much better than it already is. There’s also some grammar errors with commas and sentences being too long such as this one:

Other than that, just keep doing with what you are doing.

Also I think it’s up for you to decide what happens in the plot, asking people what should happen kinda spoils it a little for me. Though Garrus witnessing Tali wetting herself sounds pretty interesting...

}}

Thank you for the feedback :) I'll keep the rest of the story to myself; you're right about the possibility of spoilers. I apologize for the next chapter taking so long for me to write. Hopefully you enjoy it when it comes out :)

*033*2017-11-05 19:28

Hey guys. Sorry the next chapter is taking so long. I'm just caught up with a lot of stuff right now so I'm not sure when I'm going to be able to get a chance to finish it/post it. Hopefully you understand, although I get it if you don't. Again, I'm so sorry.

*034*2017-11-06 23:33

Tali walked through the corridors of the Normandy, disoriented and unable to navigate properly with tears of discomfort filling up her eyes and her heavy breathing fogging up her mask. She looked all over for the stairway to the top floor, bumping into walls and tripping over herself. The constant movement and shaking made her bladder jiggle, forcing her to hold it in even more than before. Eventually, she came across a door. Too desperate to think and too desperate to care, Tali burst through in the hopes of it being an emergency toilet or, at the very least, another elevator. 

She found herself in a laboratory, with electronic devices hanging all over the walls and ceiling. In the center of the room was Liara, who was looking over a series of beakers, test tubes, funnels, and petri dishes on a table. Annoyed, Tali tried to leave, but Liara had heard her enter. "Tali? Oh, good, I could use some help. Can you come here for a few minutes, please? It's very important." Tali kept herself from screaming and merely whispered.

"No. I have to go. Bye." Liara, however, didn't hear her, and walked over to her. "Did you say 'okay'? I couldn't hear you." Once again, Tali (this time paralyzed with desperation and frustration) whispered. "No, I'm going now."

"You're going to help? Thank you, this would take forever by myself." Before Tali could protest, Liara took her by the hand and dragged her to the table. Before Tali could leave in a huff, not caring how hurt Liara's feeling were, she felt her feet stick to the floor. Liara smiled.

"Good, the magnetic placement-mats are at work. They'll keep us in place and balanced for the next thirty-five minutes, so we don't fall over or pour these chemicals on ourselves." liar chuckled. "I hope you don't have anywhere else you'd rather be." She said jokingly. A single tear ran down Tali's cheek, and Liara handed her a bottle filled with bright, yellow liquid. "Okay, swish that around for me for a minute. I'm going to get these liquids dripping into this beaker." Tali couldn't scream. She couldn't speak. She only could realize that what was going to come would be worse than she could ever have imagined.

*038*2017-11-18 03:51

Tali stood in place (not that she had any choice in the matter) as Liara swirled and mixed different chemicals. Tali didn't dare look over at the liquids sloshing about, but the sound was all too audible to her. She resented whoever it was who made her suit for not adding a "mute all noise" sound to her helmet, and couldn't block her ears physically. On top of that, even if she tried, she would draw all too much attention to both herself and her predicament. 

As badly as Tali needed to go, the thought of the others finding out she had a pee emergency was enough to keep her silent for the time being. The pain of holding her apple juice in was either equal too or less than the thought of Jack and Mirana calling her who-knew-what every time they saw her. Not wanting to give either of them any ammunition, no matter how much relief in the short term it may have granted her, Tali said and did nothing. Thirty-five minutes was going to be a long time, but it could be done. That's when Liara noticed Tali's stillness.

"TALI. Hey, come on. Please, I need you to swish that around for me; the ionic bonds in it need to be aggravated enough for the synthetic-" Tali drifted off mentally. Tali was as much a fan of science as the next individual with an over 200 IQ, but at the moment elements and atoms and all that seemed uninteresting when it was coming from Liara like some sort of school teacher. Tali, instead, tried to focus more on dry things once again. Thinking to herself "sand, stones, air, walls...", Tali was suddenly interrupted by a jostling from Liara, which shook both Tali's bladder and Tali out of her meditative state. Both of which were things that distressed Tali greatly, making it almost impossible for her to not scream at Liara. Almost. 

"Yes, Liara?" Tali asked through intensely gritted teeth (one added benefit of having a one-way glass mask). "Tali? Are you chewing on something? Nevermind. It's not important. Look, we're here for another thirty-three minutes, and I need this to be done by that time. And since you volunteered..." Tali mentally screamed at this. "... I need you to pull your weight. So, if you're not going to swirl the chemicals like I asked, you can do something else. I already got all the other mixtures sorted, so you don't have to worry about that." Tali sighed with relief, knowing she wouldn't have to make any liquids move around before her eyes.

"Instead, I'll work the bunsen burners while you monitor the chemicals dripping." Tali's face suddenly felt very cold. "Wh-What?"

"The chemicals dripping. You know, how the chemicals drip from the tube in the flask into the beaker? I thought you were a scientist too, Tali. Well, anyway, it's not a big deal. Just keep a close eye here..." Tali suddenly felt Liara push her head close-up to a yellow liquid dripping into a cylindrical glass beaker with audible 'plips' sounding with each fall. Tali almost laughed. It was almost funny. Almost. Liarabegan to light the bunsen burners, and Tali desperately tried to move her eyes and heads away from the watery torture before her. However, her inability to think straight and not focus entirely on her need to pee betrayed her, and she slipped slightly. Liara looked over, and chuckled. 

"Oh, Tali, you okay? I know, it's difficult to remain steady for such long periods of time. I remember standing with my head up next to a petri dish for six straight hours. It took months of practice, but I pulled it off. Here, let me give you a little cheat..." Liara suddenly placed small buttons on Tali's wrists and neck. Before Tali could utter a word (or rather, a profanity), Liara pressed a button on the table and Tali, as if held in place by invisible arms, was stuck right next to the dripping liquid. "I built those myself. Portable versions of the magnetic placement mats. No way you'll fall over or stumble away from your job with those on! Now, let's go! Lady science waits for no one!" Tali shut her eyes, biting her lower lip. But, as was the case with standing next to the swishing chemicals, she couldn't block the sound out. Nor could she move her hands this time. Tali took a deep breath, and tried to focus.

What do you guys think? Did you like it? How much longer are you guys hoping the story will go on for?

*041*2017-11-30 02:13

Hey guys! Just an update; I'm currently busy with other things in real life, but sooner rather than later I'll write the next chapter of this! I plan to make this a LONG series, incorporating every torturous encounter Tali could possibly have to go through, whether it's from my own imagination, or if it's inspired from anything else I've seen or heard about! If you guys want, I could make it so Tali finally pees, but winds up in the same position soon after, rinse and repeat so that you guys can get a ton of material that deals with both the desperation and wetting/peeing in a toilet parts so that everyone's happy! Just let me know what you guys think of this plan, and I look forward to making this innocent yet sexy Quarian suffer more urine-related discomfort for your pleasure!

*043*2017-11-30 18:15

{{2 hours ago, Ares said:

Sounds like a solid plan! But in the end it's up to you.

}}

Well, I want to make as many people as happy as possible for as long as possible. Rest assured, I'll keep writing this so long as you guys enjoy it!

*045*2017-12-01 14:13

{{12 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

I like that plan. Any chance you could incorporate more characters than just Tali in this predicament? I mean, still focus on Tali but she's not the only one who needs relief.

}}

Of course! Like you said, the focus will remain on Tali throughout the entirety of the series, but I could have her be in the same boat with Liara, Miranda, etc. from time to time.

*046*2017-12-17 05:45

Hey everyone. Just an update; sorry for being gone for so long- I've been dealing with other things in the meantime, giving me little to no time to write a good chapter for this story. However, I'll be back with new material before long, and hopefully you all enjoy what I have in store for you next time :)

*048*2017-12-21 18:36

Forty minutes had passed, and Tali had spent each and every one of those at the threshold of hell. Liara refused to stop talking about what they were doing, Tali was seemingly given every single liquid chemical while Liara handled only the solids (this went on for such a time that Tali began thinking that Liara was doing it on purpose), and Tali's urge to pee wouldn't go away. Once more, the fleeting thought of just letting go and releasing the burden from her body crossed her mind, and Tali almost surrendered to mother nature's siren call. However, a second thought ran through her head right after this, one which involved not just Jack and Miranda tormenting her for years to come, but also the rest of the Normandy crew. Liara, Grunt, Joker, Shepard...

Maybe even GARRUS. That last thought shook Tali to her core, and made her realize just how much of her humility and respect would be lost if she went through with going in her suit. Tali was a lot of things, but she wasn't stupid. And nothing seemed more stupid to her than allowing herself to humiliate herself in a way that Garrus would catch wind of. Begrudgingly, Tali sighed, and continued mixing the chemicals together. Suddenly, the ship buckled, having been hit by a small asteroid of some sort. The outer shield had absorbed all of the damage, but the force of the impact was enough to make the ship shake abruptly.

Tali and Liara remained in place, and the chemicals remained unspilled, but Tali's groin was being torn apart from the insides by the physical trauma of the ship's sudden buckling. Up to this point, Tali had thought there was no way her need to urinate could have gotten any worse. But, as luck would have it, she was very wrong. Having stayed in the same position for such a long time, undisturbed and with no other thoughts in her head other than "hold it in, hold it in", Tali's body had adjusted to the fixed state of her being, and her bladder had indeed grown used to the situation. This didn't make her have to pee any less, make no mistake, but it did make it less of a burden and, in a way, made her slightly numb to the sensation.

But the shaking of the Normandy, coupled with the shock of the unexpected hit from the asteroid, snapped Tali's physical being out of this state, and forty minutes worth of urine-holding caught up with her and assaulted her nervous system like a gunshot. The discomfort was unspeakable. The need to relax and piss was nonnegotiable. Tali NEEDED to go. Stuck in this unfair situation, Tali began to groan, on the verge of tears. Liara looked over, concerned. 

"Tali, are you okay?" Tali almost unleashed a tirade of mixed English and Quarian swears at the Asari, wanting to scream in the most vile of tongues that she was not "okay", but her desperation blocked out such impulses. Tali wanted to say "I need to go to the bathroom", but once more, the idea of everyone finding out Tali, the genius Quarian who was chosen by an elite group of individuals to be a part of the Normandy's voyage, had to "go to the bathroom" like a kindergartener who drank too much milk during class (or in this case, apple juice), was hardly an ideal thought.

Tali, however, used every last one of her IQ points to think straight and give a believable excuse. "I... Just remembered. I... N-Need to... Go... CHECK... ON... THE... engines... Asteroid... Might have... IT... could USE... Me... To look at... THEM..." Liara nodded, able to understand Tali's slow and jumbled speech and uneven voice pitch between words. Though, thankfully, she thought nothing of it and didn't ask about it. "Ah. I understand. Well, you could have left any time you wanted, so if the engines are really that much of concern that you need to go now after all this time, it must be a big deal!" Tali very nearly screamed out loud the most profane words that she knew. Liara undid Tali's magnetic restraints, and Tali speed-walked out of the room without a second thought and without a word to Liara.

Tali left the room, and continued upstairs to the next level of the Normandy. Surely, things were going to be easier from here on out.

And that's when she walked into Jack.

*051*2018-01-02 20:33

For a brief moment, Tali doubted her sanity. This wasn’t possible. She had to be seeing things. There was absolutely no way that things could have gotten this bad for her. Not only did she have to use the bathroom, but one of the top people whom she didn’t want to find out about it was standing right in front of her, arms folded and blocking her path. Tali closed her eyes for a moment, knowing for a fact that when she opened them again, Jack would be gone and she could continue towards the nearest toilet, free of any obstacles or hazards. She opened her eyes, however, and Jack remained where she was, now with a confused look on her face. Tali prepared for the incoming humiliation.

“Um, you okay, Tali?”, Jack asked. Tali stood there in disbelief. Jack hadn’t noticed anything. Tali was overcome with a sense of relief that could only be rivaled by her finally getting an opportunity to urinate. As much as her body was pressuring her to clamp onto her groin and hold it in, Tali resisted these urges to avoid alerting Jack to her predicament. Tali grinned (though Jack couldn’t see it through her mask), and spoke as normally as she could to avoid suspicion. “Yeah. Yeah, Jack, I am. I just have to get going to… the engine room. I just told Liara that. You can ask her. I wanted to check to make sure that, well, that asteroid didn’t damage anything and-“ Jack shrugged, visibly uninterested. “Whatever, chrome-dome. You do you.” Tali sighed with joy, and began to walk forward. Jack, however, didn’t move. Tali confusedly stepped to the side in an attempt to get by. Jack did the same thing, blocking her again. Tali began to panic.

“Jack, please. The engines… I need to-“ Jack smirked, a dark look on her face. “I just came up from the engine room. They’re fine. I don’t know what it is, but you’re hiding something.” Tali’s face began to feel extremely hot. “Jack, I’m not. Please move.” Jack stayed where she was, unconvinced. “Why are you in such a hurry? What’s going on? Did you do something?” Did-?” Tali’s patience finally ran out. She let loose a tirade of swears that she had been holding in for the entire time she had to pee, hoping that it would be enough to scare Jack out of her way. Sadly, as Jack was a previously incarcerated convict, such words didn’t phase her. Unfortunately, if anything, they confirmed her suspicions. Jack began to chuckle, which sent chills down Tali’s spine. “Oh, Tals. A, you’re not going to talk to me like that EVER again. Understood? And B, now I KNOW you’re hiding something. So you know what that means?” Tali didn’t respond.

“It means, if you want to get by me, you’re going to have to play for it. Luckily, in my time, Ive come across a few fun pastimes. Up for a little gambling for your freedom?”

Hey guys. Sorry for taking so long to write this, and sorry it's not as long/as eventful as the other ones. Long story short, I just have trouble getting the creative juices flowing so far. Let me know what you think, as always, leave some suggestions on what kind of a game Jack wants Tali to play, and please let me know if you want to see more! Thank you so much for all your support!

