Bladder size experiment

Author: ivan72

*000*2024-06-26 18:57

I found myself in a bustling concert venue, surrounded by the cacophony of music and chatter. It was a peculiar place to be conducting a scientific experiment, but there was a method to the madness. The air was thick with excitement and anticipation, the vibrations of the bass resonating in my chest. The neon lights cast a kaleidoscope of colors across the faces of the concertgoers, making it feel like a scene from a different world. I had been equipped with a sleek, unassuming device that, according to the charity representative, could see through fabric. Not to see their skin, but to detect the one organ that was central to our research: the bladder.

The instructions were clear. I needed to identify 10 women who were already feeling the urge to urinate and telepathically offer them an opportunity to participate in a pee-holding contest. The reward? A substantial donation to the research charity in their name. The device would confirm their participation by changing color from blue to green. I took a deep breath and activated the gadget, the screen flickering to life. It was time to start my search.

.

Moving through the crowd, I focused my thoughts, broadcasting a gentle message to the women around me. "Excuse me, do you mind participating in a unique experiment? It's for a good cause, and there's a generous reward involved." I was met with a mix of confusion and curiosity. Some women shot me strange looks, while others outright ignored me. But as the night progressed, I began to feel the subtle responses, the flickers of interest, the unspoken consent. The device in my hand grew warmer with each successful connection.

My first participant was a young woman with a vibrant aura, dressed in a flowing skirt and a tight tank top. The device indicated she had a bladder with an impressive capacity. She agreed with a laugh, her eyes sparkling with excitement. We made our way to the bar, where she downed one drink after another, her bladder steadily filling. The device's screen projected a soft blue hue around her, highlighting the contours of her internal organ.

As the evening unfolded, we continued our search. Each participant had a unique reaction to my telepathic invitation—some were skeptical, others intrigued, and a few were even eager to prove their endurance. The concert's energy served as an unexpected catalyst, making the atmosphere ripe for such an unusual endeavor. The device guided me through the throngs of people, beeping and flashing whenever it detected a suitable candidate.

SUMMARY^1: The narrator uses telepathy to approach women in the concert, and one agrees after consuming several drinks. The device confirms participation with a blue hue and guides the search for more participants, with various reactions received from the women contacted.

The second woman I approached was in her mid-thirties, sipping on a water bottle. She had a bladder that was already slightly distended, which suggested she had been holding it in for some time. She raised an eyebrow at my proposal but nodded after a moment's consideration. Her bladder glowed a gentle blue, confirming she was a perfect addition to our group.

The third participant was more challenging to find. The device led me to a group of friends huddled near the stage, all dancing and singing along to the music. One of them, a petite brunette, caught my eye. Her bladder was almost invisible, but the device assured me she was the one. After a few attempts to telepathically communicate with her over the loud music, she finally looked at me with a questioning gaze. She took a moment to process my offer before nodding enthusiastically.

In the bar, the trio of us chatted and laughed, the tension of the situation dissipating as the drinks flowed. Their bladders grew increasingly distended, the blue glow around them intensifying with each sip. The other patrons grew curious, whispering among themselves as they noticed the odd glow emanating from the women. Some even approached, asking if they could participate, but the device remained silent, indicating they were not the ones we were searching for.

The fourth participant was a statuesque redhead who had been avoiding the bathroom lines all evening. She took my offer with a smirk, clearly enjoying the novelty of the situation. Her bladder, a deep shade of blue, was already quite pronounced under her tight-fitting jeans. She accepted a drink and began to playfully challenge the others to see who could hold out the longest.

The fifth and sixth women were found in the merchandise line, both with bladders that practically called out to the device. They were thrilled by the prospect of contributing to a good cause and eagerly agreed to the terms. The group grew, the blue glow becoming more noticeable as we moved through the venue. People began to stare, but the women were too caught up in the excitement to care.

The seventh participant was a bit shy at first, but the promise of a substantial donation to the charity was too tempting to pass up. She was petite, with a bladder that had surprisingly begun to bulge against her skin. She nervously took the offered drink and sipped it slowly, her eyes never leaving the glowing device in my hand.

The eighth and ninth women were found in the bathroom, where the device beeped insistently. They were both in the midst of deciding whether to give in to the call of nature or hold out a bit longer. After explaining the experiment and the rewards, they exchanged a look of determination and took the drinks, joining our growing assembly.

The tenth and final participant was the most difficult to locate. The device led me to the VIP section, where a sophisticated woman in a form-fitting dress sat sipping champagne. Her bladder was barely visible, but the device assured me she was the one. I approached her with caution, unsure of how she would react to my unusual proposition. To my surprise, she took the telepathic message in stride, finishing her drink before accepting my offer with a knowing smile.

The group of 10 gathered in the VIP lounge, their bladders now a spectrum of blue hues, from the palest to the darkest midnight. The air was thick with anticipation and a hint of discomfort. I explained the rules of the experiment in detail: they would have to hold their pee until the concert was over, and then they would proceed to my hotel room for the final measurements and collection.

As the concert reached its climax, the women's giggles turned to grimaces, and their dance moves grew more erratic. They clutched their stomachs and shifted from one foot to the other, the blue glows pulsing in time with the music. The crowd around us grew thicker, their curiosity piqued by our peculiar assembly. The bouncers cast suspicious glances our way, but the VIP passes the charity had provided kept them at bay.

Finally, the last song ended, and the lights began to come up. The group of 10 followed me out of the venue, their urgency now palpable. The device had to be recalibrated to measure the fullness of their bladders, and I could see the effort it took for them to maintain their composure. We made our way to the hotel, the women's eyes darting towards every bathroom we passed, each step an exercise in willpower.

Once inside the hotel room, I set up the measuring equipment. The room was spacious, with a king-sized bed and a large flat-screen TV, but the focus was on the digital scale and the row of empty jugs lined up on the side table. The women looked at each other, a mix of camaraderie and competition in their eyes. I assured them that their privacy would be respected and that the process would be quick and painless.

The first to go was the young woman in the skirt. She positioned herself over the scale, took a deep breath, and released a steady stream into the jug. The scale beeped, and the number displayed was higher than any of us expected. She beamed with pride, and the room erupted in applause. The blue glow around her bladder faded as it emptied, and the device recorded the data with a series of clicks.

Next was the mid-thirties woman in the water bottle. Her bladder had been the first to turn green, and now it was her turn to shine. She hovered over the jug, her face contorted in concentration. The flow was strong, and the jug filled quickly, surpassing the first participant's volume. She let out a sigh of relief, and the group cheered her on.

The petite brunette went third, her eyes wide with a mix of excitement and trepidation. Despite her size, she managed an impressive output, the blue glow around her fading as the jug grew heavy. The device beeped, confirming her place on the leaderboard. The other women clapped and offered words of encouragement, their own bladders aching in solidarity.

The statuesque redhead was next, her confidence unshaken by the previous performances. She approached the task with a flair, filling her jug to the brim with a grace that belied the urgency she must have felt. The device registered her contribution, and the room buzzed with excitement as we realized we were witnessing something truly extraordinary.

The fifth participant, a blonde with a sharp wit, took her turn with a flourish, her bladder visibly distended. Her laughter echoed in the room as she emptied herself, the blue glow dimming as the liquid gold was collected. Each participant offered encouragement, sharing in the odd camaraderie that had formed between them, united by their shared challenge.

The shy seventh woman stepped up, her cheeks flushed from the drinks and the pressure. She closed her eyes and focused, the room holding its collective breath. When she was done, she looked up with a shy smile, and the group erupted in cheer. Her contribution was modest, but she had faced her fears and embraced the peculiarity of the situation with dignity.

The sophisticated woman from the VIP section went next. She moved with poise, despite the urgency, and filled her jug to an impressive level. The device beeped its approval, and she took her place among the others, her blue glow fading into the background. Her composure was unshaken, even as the competition grew more intense.

The eighth participant, a bubbly blonde who had been holding her pee since the merchandise line, was visibly uncomfortable. She squirmed as she took her place, but she managed to fill her jug with a respectable amount, earning a round of applause and relieving the tension in the room.

The ninth woman, a fitness enthusiast with a strong core, took a moment to compose herself. She took a deep breath, and with surprising ease, released a stream that matched the redhead's. The device registered her volume with a series of approving beeps, and she stepped back with a look of triumph, the blue halo around her bladder diminishing.

The tension grew as the final participant, a woman with a mysterious air, took her place over the last jug. She had been the most stoic throughout the night, her bladder's blue glow unwavering. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and began to pee. The flow was strong and steady, the room silent except for the sound of liquid filling the container. When she was done, the device chimed, displaying a number that was significantly higher than the others. The women gasped in amazement, and she opened her eyes with a knowing smile, revealing she had been the one with the largest bladder all along.

The blue lights around their bladders had almost entirely disappeared, leaving the room feeling eerily normal. Each participant had given their all, and the sense of accomplishment was palpable. I thanked them for their incredible efforts and reminded them of the significant donation that would be made to cancer research in their names. They each took a moment to compose themselves before sharing stories of their experiences, the pain and the pride mingling in their voices.

*004*2024-06-28 19:48

A bit of LLM and a bit by myself - i wrote a really long text and had LLM put it into something resembling correct english

