Mass Effect: Tali`s Toilet Troubles - Page 6

Author: Itber

*130*2018-03-11 13:39

{{7 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Fantastic chapter. Doubt Talis getting out of this one without wetting. We already had a set time limit set earlier. And I believe at this point the limit break is before 15 minutes.

Anyway. Cannot wait to read more.

Keelah Se'lai

}}

Mm? Time limit? What do you mean?

*132*2018-03-12 16:09

{{14 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Before running into More on it says that if she didn't go in the next 5 minutes she wouldn't make it

}}

Oh, that! I wrote that more as a hyperbole. I still have a few ideas and such I want to try out (i.e. the straw poll results!), but don't worry! I won't make this too drawn out. Sooner rather than later you'll get an ending I hope you'll enjoy :)

*134*2018-03-12 22:57

{{2 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Fair enough. Do keep in mind that just because she relieves herself once it doesn't mean she won't need to go again.

Regardless, really enjoying where you are taking this.

}}

I like the way you think! Now how's a good way I can write that in....? I'll find a way!

Thank you, as always, for being such a consistent reader! None of this would be possible if not for your kind of support :D

*135*2018-03-13 22:26

Hey all. Update! Next chapter will be the end of the current "arc" aboard the Normandy, and the next arc will continue right where this one leaves off (think of it like a "Parts 1 and 2" kind of thing). In the next arc, I intend to have it take place on a beach/rainforest planet (i.e. full of water) where the crew is stopping for a day-long team-building exercise of sorts, as this was the most voted thing on the last straw poll for this story. If you'd like, I'll put up another poll for the kinds of things you'd like the see in the next story the most, and I'll add more detail on them based on how much they get voted on individually! Thanks so much for your patience and help, and as always please let me know what you think!

*137*2018-03-14 01:17

%https://strawpoll.com/29xgyk1d

Here's the Strawpoll for the next arc! Like last time, I'll be more likely to include whatever people want to see the most based on the amount of votes each thing receives! Feel free to leave more comments about it on here if you want/if you'd like clarifications to be made or if you have ideas you'd like to share. Thanks so much, as usual!

*138*2018-03-21 16:15

Next chapter/last chapter of this arc will be up this Friday/Saturday! Just need to get some other things finished at the moment!

*141*2018-03-23 15:20

Before Tali could say or do anything else, a sharp beep emitted from the machine EDI was plugged into, and a look of satisfaction spread across her normally emotionless face. Her eyes still closed, EDI began moaning. “PSEC activated. Mmmm…… EEDISSRN…… Ahhhhh…… Booting up……” Tali moved as quickly as she could to where the open doorway had once been, trying desperately to get it to open. She banged on it, kicked it, punched it, and even pleaded with it. The pressure inside her bladder was grew exponentially, and hearing EDI begin ‘urinating’ wasn’t helping. 

EDI remained still, vocally expressing the simulated stimulation she was feeling while using her ‘toilet’. “Ahhhh… So good. That’s it. That’s so good. Mmmm. Oh, OH, OH! Ahhhhhhhh….. That’s SO much BETTER. Mmmmm……” Tali began to panic, struggling to hold it in. After two minutes of this torment, Tali began to imagine smashing EDI over the head with something to shut her up. But she had remembered what she had said about it “damaging the ship’s systems” or whatever it was. As much as Tali had to pee, and as annoying as EDI was being, Tali couldn’t ring herself to jeopardize the ship or the crew for her own selfish needs, no matter how badly she had to go.

So, faced with only one option, and knowing when she was beaten with thirteen more minutes of EDI using the EEDISSRN right next to her, Tali sat down, shrugged, and smiled. She felt no sadness. No anger. No fear. She had tried her hardest, and failed. All she could do now was accept the inevitable. Removing her hands form her groin and spreading her legs, Tali began to pee.

The sensation was…… Indescribable. Every nerve in Tali’s body was tingling with happiness and relief. As the lower half of her suit filled with urine, Tali’s brain was flooded with endorphins. She sighed shakily, laughing and tearing up at how good it all felt. Letting go, letting the pee out of her, into her suit or not, was the best decision she had made all day. If she had known it would have felt this good and that she wouldn’t have been able to use a toilet, she would have done this the second the apple juice had taken its effect. A puddle of light blue liquid (the color of Quarian urine) pooled underneath Tali, soaking through her suit. Resting her arms behind her head, Tali listened to EDI continue to moan and sigh with joy, and slowly began to fade out of consciousness from pleasure.

Tali woke up in a puddle, feeling wet and warm. EDI was right next to her, having finished using the EEDISSRN. Tali smiled, knowing full well what had happened. Besides, nobody except EDI had found out about it, and that was the important thing. “Sorry, EDI. I just…… KEELAH, did I have to go.” EDI reached a hand down, offering to pull Tali off the floor. Tali accepted, and upon standing up felt some urine sloshing around in her boots. “It’s alright Tali. I can have this cleaned up in-” Tali stopped EDI. “Do what you want, but PLEASE don’t let anyone know about this. 

And, if they find out about the pee, don’t tell them it was me. Okay?” EDI nodded, somewhat confused. Tali walked off, still wet, to her room. She wasn’t noticeably soaked, but at the same time she avoided running into anyone as best as she could, not wanting to run the risk. Fortunately, she made it back to her quarters and, using her Omnitool, dried her suit out and replaced her boots with a spare pair. It was uncomfortable, but not nearly as uncomfortable as having to hold in that much urine. But, nobody had seen her, she doubted anyone would find out about it, and Jack, Mordin, and EDI could all be trusted in her eyes; on top of that, EDI was the only one who knew she hadn’t made it to the bathroom.

Besides, it’s not like something like this would happen again, would it?

END OF ACT 1

Next time:

*It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia music plays*

Something Like This Happens Again

Thank you guys so much for the support! Beach planet arc coming up soon!

*144*2018-03-26 23:37

Hey guys! Just need some help on the next chapter, if you're able to spare the time and effort!

I want to create a planet in the ME universe for the next arc, but I'm having trouble deciding which part of the galaxy it should be in, what the cluster name should be, what the solar system name should be, etc. If you guys could help me with this, I'd be extremely thankful and definitely will give credit in the next chapter!

*148*2019-04-24 23:08

Hello all! Sorry for the year plus long wait. Long story short, some major stuff cropped up. But I'm back now. May not continue this story, but will definitely write more material soon!

*150*2019-04-25 11:19

{{8 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Hope everything is ok and happy to see you back

}}

Thank you very much. Again, sorry for being gone for so long. At the current moment trying to figure out which ideas I'd like to write next.

*151*2019-04-30 17:47

I'm figuring out whether to continue with this story or to move onto something else. If I were to pursue a different story with a different character with a more comedic tone (for the time being) would that be something you'd like to see?

