How it feels to wet a bed (Girl)

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-09 03:10

You're having the best time of your life! Your a star, dancing to the audience of thousands of screaming fans. You feel on top of the world! Adrenaline speeds around body as you hop from side to side and shake your hips. Nothing could ruin this moment you think to yourself, when all of a sudden, something does. The sprinkler system springs into life, frying electric wires and devices, sending sparks flying out in all directions like a dancing flame.

After what feels like hours, you look out at the stage, discovering all of your loyal, screaming fans are gone, it's like a ghost town now. Calling out to the endless empty seats you hope for a response, but when an eerie voice echoes from behind you, it's not what you wanted. Goosebumps start forming all over your skin, turning around, you make out the image of a phantom with glowing eyes, staring right at you.

Your body freeze in fear, helpless, as the ghost grows an bloody smile over its face before leaping at you whilst laughing manically like a psychopath. Causing you to wake up in a cold sweat, breathing deeply, you realize that your in your room, it was just a dream. As your head sinks into the pillow, waves of tiredness pull you back into dream land.

But after only mere moments of being in complete bliss, something unpleasant disturbs your slumber. At first your still half asleep and can't quite figure out what the issue is, but then you notice a strange smell filling your room. "What is that smell?" You wonder, after moving around, you start feeling an uncomfortable coldness running down from your bottom and down your legs.

Confused at first, but quickly you realize it's because your wet. Throwing off the sheets off of your bed, you find yourself sitting on a yellow stain in the center of the mattress. "What's this" you think as tears roll down your cheeks. "No-No this can't be happening!" You say in denial.

But your knocked completely speechless as the smell hits you again, realizing that what your smelling is urine and a large amount of it. You've just wet your own bed for the first, of many times to come...

*001*2017-04-09 03:14

Hi and thanks for reading my story! Please give me any feedback and/or criticism you can muster as it really helps my writing skills improve!

Thanks as always

[Insert omo]

*003*2017-04-09 06:23

Awwww... Thank you!!!

