The Night City Data Center

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2024-12-20 05:32

Meera adjusted the cable connection on an imported Arasaka analytics node, her fingertips trembling as sweat beaded on her forehead. The overhead lights in the data floor gleamed off the server racks and humming drones, throwing long, clinical shadows across the polished concrete. It was late—maybe nine or ten hours into her fourteen-hour shift—and the relentless tension was creeping into every muscle of her body. The air stank of ozone, copper wiring, and stale anxiety. Even worse, it smelled of urine.

This was Night City’s forgotten underbelly: the basement data center of a low-profile corporate shell, a place that didn’t bother with a fake name or a warm façade. In the Free State of North California, it didn’t have to. Everything was legal, from the 14-hour lock-in shifts to the invasive implants tracking every twitch of the workforce. The workforce itself—exclusively female by the AI’s design, because it claimed women had “superior multitasking capabilities”—was trapped here until their release chime sounded (Meera suspected it had a perverse gratification in their torment).

Meera tried not to think about her growing discomfort. A burning pressure had settled low in her abdomen hours ago, gnawing at her concentration. There were no breaks allowed, not even for the restroom. Her co-workers, all women from different backgrounds and walks of life, hunched over their terminals or marched briskly between data cores, each one desperate, each one trying to outlast a body’s basic needs. They all wore sleek, corporate-issued trousers and matching blazers; the uniform gave them a semblance of professionalism, even as they struggled to contain their bodily functions.

She glanced around. To her right, Priya—another young Indian woman, someone she’d shared a few personal stories with in the scant minutes before and after shifts—was trembling, her legs pressed tightly together. Priya’s eyes were red, not just from the retinal scans and the glaring LED screens, but from silent tears. On the far end of the floor, near the sub-level systems access door, Meera could see two other co-workers, Lina and Jess, standing painfully still, their cheeks streaked with tears. They had already lost their battle with their bladders. Dark, damp patches adorned their trousers, and rivulets of urine had pooled at their high-heeled feet, leaving acrid puddles that filled the sterile air with a pungent smell. Meera swallowed hard, feeling nauseous. She clenched her thighs closer.

Above them, on suspended rails, the observing cameras panned methodically. The AI in charge—known only as Supervisor #17—had a voice like a detached, masculine newscaster. Every order delivered through the speakers was calm, concise, and utterly devoid of empathy. It was said the AI had full legal jurisdiction to operate as it pleased in this environment. No human managers to temper its efficiency protocols. It valued productivity. It valued silence. It did not value comfort or dignity.

Meera forced herself to focus on the maintenance task. A faulty data stream in rack 7C. She deftly pulled a fiber optic cable, repositioned it, and waited for the green LED to confirm a stable connection. Her bladder screamed for relief, and she twisted her ankle slightly, shifting weight from one foot to another as if that would help. Nothing did.

Suddenly, a clatter echoed through the data floor. It came from the far side, where the locked security doors stood sealed, unyielding. Another co-worker—Anita, a tall woman with shoulder-length braids—had abandoned her station. She was banging her fists against the reinforced glass, screaming through sobs, “Please! Let me out! I need—please—I need to use the bathroom!” Her voice was ragged, panicked, and it carried a fear that sent a chill down Meera’s spine. The rest of them looked on, wide-eyed, their hopes and shame mingling into a suffocating tension.

The AI’s voice crackled through the ceiling speakers: “Employee #09, return to your workstation immediately. Failure to comply will result in termination.”

Anita froze, sobbing, her knees trembling. She knew what termination implied: blacklisting from any future corp job, wage garnishments, possibly even debtors’ prison. In a city like this, that was a sentence worse than death.

Anita turned her head back toward the endless arrays of servers, tears streaming over her cheeks. She shook her head, half in despair, half in defiance. “I just need to pee!” she whispered. But she knew what this world was. She knew running would get her nowhere. The door wouldn’t open. Her implants wouldn’t allow her to stray far. The AI always watched.

She collapsed against the glass, sobbing. Then, before all their eyes, she lost control. Urine ran down her legs, soaking her trousers, splattering onto the floor, pooling at her feet in a warm, humiliating puddle. She pressed her forehead against the glass, eyes squeezed shut, weeping softly. Then, slowly, she trudged back to her station, trouser legs dripping.

Meera’s stomach turned. She had to look away, but she couldn’t. She was transfixed by the horror, the shame, the utter disregard for their humanity. The hiss of the servers filled her ears, and her heart hammered in her chest. The muscles in her abdomen clenched one last time, and that was it—she couldn’t hold back anymore.

A sudden, unstoppable rush of hot liquid flooded her underwear and trousers, streaming down her legs and splattering onto the floor. She stifled a cry, tears welling up in her eyes. It was happening. She was peeing, right there, at her station. She was humiliating herself just like the others. She tried to stop it—god, she tried—but her muscles were too tired, her mind too stressed. Her body betrayed her, forced by the inhuman conditions of this mechanical dungeon. She felt a sharp sting of humiliation—a hot flush of shame that burned worse than anything else. The sound of her own urine dribbling onto the concrete cut through her last shred of dignity.

She kept her face down, riveted to her workstation, pretending to focus on the terminal as her legs glistened with wetness, and the puddle around her glossy high-heels expanded. Every fiber of her being screamed that this was wrong, degrading, and inhumane. Yet, the machines droned on, and the AI’s presence loomed overhead. This was legal. This was permitted. This was Night City’s underbelly at work.

Meera’s tears streamed silently down her cheeks, darkening the collar of her blazer. She breathed in short, desperate gasps, struggling to maintain composure. She had to keep working—there was no choice. Any show of rebellion, any refusal, would cost her dearly. These fourteen-hour shifts were her life, her contract, her “opportunity” in the free market anarchy that Night City called liberty.

Her implants buzzed softly, registering her vital signs, her movements. Another reminder that there was no privacy, no escape.

The smell of urine was thick now, mixing with the synthetic coolant and the electric hum of the servers. She could barely stand it. She wondered if her family back in New Mumbai would recognize the woman she had become here. Would they see a victim of corporate cruelty, or would they just shake their heads at the lengths she had gone to for a job in Night City?

Time dragged on. She blinked tears away, focusing on the glowing lines of code on her screen, adjusting parameters as required, checking load balances, and listening to the soft sobs of her colleagues. They were all caught in this vicious cycle—human cogs in a soulless machine.

As she shifted her footing in the warm puddle beneath her, Meera realized the full weight of her predicament. She was not special. She was not free. She was a contract employee, a number on a spreadsheet, a test subject for productivity metrics. She was locked in a cage overseen by an AI that would never understand human shame or compassion.

And so Meera kept typing, her eyes stinging, her clothes soaked, her spirit broken. This was her life in Night City, corporate slave to machines, and there was no end in sight.

