Lock the Door Next Time

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2017-03-22 23:02

They haven't noticed yet. None of the other Akatsuki members have realized that Deidara has an...unusual interest. It's not like they haven't got weird kinks of their own-Hidan seems to get off on killing, and Sasori's into pseudo necroplhilia. Deidara's thing isn't that strange, by comparison. The youngest member of the Akatsuki would never tell anyone, but he loves the feeling of desperation, the squirming, the loss of control when he finally can't hold it anymore, and the warm wetness that comes afterward. So far, no one's caught him, but Sasori once walked into his room as he was doing a hold. The blond had been just about to lose control, but he was forced to hold it for even longer while he talked to the puppet master. He began wetting the instant Sasori left. Ever since then, Deidara's made sure to lock his door every time he indulges in his fetish. This time, though, he can't, mostly because there's no door to lock.

Deidara has been holding it since he got up, and now he's a 9/10, easy. The artist whimpers and rubs his thighs together, wishing that this stupid mission was over already so he could go. It isn't even a real mission! Pain just wants Tobi out of his hair, and Deidara's watching him to make sure he doesn't do something stupid...more stupid than usual, anyway. They're finally on their way back, and as soon as the door's in sight, he's running as fast as he can with such an uncomfortably full bladder, occasionally reaching down to hold himself.

The instant he gets to his room, Deidara slams the door shut and sits down with his legs spread wide. He relaxes his muscles and massages his lower abdomen, panting as he does so. The effect is immediate. Urine gushes from his body, soaking his pants and making a puddle underneath him. Deidara moans loudly, tilting his head back, and puts his fingers over his already-soaking crotch so he can feel the hot liquid escaping him. It takes almost a full minute to empty himself, and when he's finished, he finds that he needs a different kind of relief.

"Ah...ah...o-oh..." Itachi Uchiha expects to hear explosions from Deidara's room, not lewd moaning. His curiosity gets the better of him, and he carefully opens the door to see what the hell is going on in there. The stoic young man's eyes widen in surprise-he probably won't forget this anytime soon. Deidara is sitting in a large puddle of urine, his Akatsuki robes tossed on the bed, pants unzipped and (rather small) penis held in his hands. He cries out as the mouth on his left hand wraps itself around his length and begins to suck. Watching the smaller boy get himself off is making Itachi's own pants feel rather tight, and he unconsciously begins to rub himself through his clothes. After only a few more moments, Deidara shrieks and falls back as he comes into his hand-mouth. Itachi leaves quickly, not wanting the blond to notice him standing there. When he gets back to his own room, he takes care of his own "problem" as quickly as possible, moaning Deidara's name as he climaxes.

A/N: I also published this on my FanFiction.net account, OverlyCheerfulRat.

