Ouran High School Host Club: At the Commoners' Marketplace

Author: IcedCoffee

*000*2016-06-17 21:31

Hello! I have visited this site for a while now, and have tried to sign up to it many times. Finally, after 2 emails, 6 attempts, 2 contact messages and 3-ish frustrating weeks, BEHOLD! Here I am. Now let's get on with the omorashi, what we're here for, of course! This is a fanfic of Kyoya and Haruhi from Ouran High School Host Club. I may write more with it flipped, maybe not. Read this one first, and we'll see!

Rubbing his eyes, Kyoya slowly stretched upwards from his uncomfortably slumped position on the wooden bench in the commoners' marketplace. As he did so, he wondered how he came to be here at this time, since as far as he knew, he had been sleeping, not in this unfamiliar place, but, quite heavily to say the least, in his own bed.

He adjusted his glasses warily. Kyoya twisted around to read the sign behind his head, and the shift harshly jolted his bladder, sloshing its contents. Surprised, he quickly twisted back around. Of course, he thought. His predicament stirred a memory out of the haze of this unclear morning. Tamaki had dragged him here, Kyoya was sure of it, undoubtedly to spy on Haruhi the host club's own beloved commoner. Along with the rest of the club, Tamaki had forced Kyoya from his sleeping state early and led him here. This was a bad idea. Kyoya was most definitely not a morning person, even after downing two cups of coffee to at least get him to this bench, where Tamaki absent-mindedly dumped him when dragging Kyoya along wore him down.

Exasperated, Kyoya reached into his pocket for his phone to call for a ride, only to discover that he hadn't brought it along. A twinge of panic made him all the more aware of just how desperate the situation was. He stood up to ease the pressure on his aching bladder. He had last relieved himself early in the evening the night before, and then calculated the profits of the photo books the host club sold that month.

However, he became so engrossed in his work that he exhausted himself to the point of barely having the energy to trudge to bed, let alone use his toilet, though he did drink a latte and a few bottles of water and needed to go.

Kyoya drummed his fingers on his leg, and scoured the area for the nearest restroom. Coincidentally here as well, Haruhi tapped him on the shoulder, startling him, and small drop leaked. Kyoya blushed, though the drop wasn't at all visible. Haruhi looked at him quizzically.

"Hey," she said nonchalantly, "Didn't expect to run into you here, Kyoya Senpai."

Immediately regaining his composure, except with firmly clenched thighs, Kyoya smiled coolly at her, even though a sense of dread surged through him. Unfortunately, Haruhi's presence complicated the matter. Kyoya, the tall, dark, and bladder shy, was getting anxious. But Kyoya was a guy with a reputation to withhold. And if his father heard anything about a wetting in public, let alone in a commoners' marketplace, all hell would break loose upon him.

"H-Haruhi. Here shopping, I presume?" Kyoya asked.

"Just checking out the sales, I guess. Supposed to be a big event today," Haruhi replied.

Kyoya shifted his legs uncomfortably, noticing how many people were filing through the marketplace. In this crowded place, even if he did manage to admit to Haruhi he had to go, the lines to the restrooms would definitely be lengthy.

Kyoya silently panicked, and although he thought he thought he was hiding it quite well, Haruhi had a knack for observation. She quickly recognized what was going on, and debated whether or not to casually point it out.

Kyoya, on the other hand, was dying for a piss as casually as possible. His hands inched closer to his crotch as he attempted to engage in conversation.

"S-So..." was literally as far as he got. The pressure just became too great to bear.

"Uhh-nh," he mumbled incoherently, then grabbed his crotch tightly.

"Ooh..." the slight ease in the muscles of his groin from the help of his hands made Kyoya let out an involuntary groan.

Now it was Haruhi's turn to panic, with Kyoya a bit preoccupied with embarrassment and, primarily, the flood swelling inside him he tries so hard to contain.

"I didn't realize it was this bad," she remarked to the wincing and full-on potty dancing Kyoya with sympathy.

There were no obvious options for a solution.

"Umm..." Haruhi stuttered.

"Ohhh...uhh...nh," muttered Kyoya as a dark patch slowly grew on his khakis.

People began to stare.

Leaking more and more, until the drips became spurts of pee, Kyoya angrily fought to hold on, but it was no use.

"No...no no no no no please no..." Kyoya begged in agony. He couldn't give up now, but the pain was so overwhelming... He unwillingly gave way to the flowing river of piss streaming from his crotch, soaking his underwear and trickling down his legs.

"Ahhhhh...ohhh..." Kyoya moaned in a mixture of relief and shame.

A puddle formed on the ground below him. Haruhi blushed intensely at the sight, and promptly turned away, for Kyoya's sake.

After the river had its full transformation to a lake, and the gushing slowed to a leak, and then, at last, a drip, Kyoya and Haruhi accidentally made eye contact, both in complete disbelief.

Haruhi finally spoke.

"Come on now. Let's get you some new pants."

Kyoya mentally took 5,000 yen off her debt. As well as the price of some khakis.

