Mass Effect: Tali`s Toilet Troubles - Page 5

Author: Itber

*104*2018-02-09 01:10

{{On February 6, 2018 at 4:50 AM, Tali'zorah said:

Your mental and physical health takes priority. We can wait. You just take care of you.

}}

Thank you. Your understanding means a lot :)

*105*2018-02-11 21:13

Hey everyone. So, bad news. Things have taken a turn for the worse recently, and life is currently proving to be very stressful and difficult for me at the moment. I'm sorry about this. I really am. I'll get back to the story/the next chapter as soon as I get the chance, but I can't even begin to imagine when that may be. I apologize for suddenly turning this thread into a huge sob-story and, in a few years, all these update messages will only serve as confusing blotches that people who read this story will stumble upon. So, in short, thank you for your patience. I'll be back when I can.

*108*2018-02-13 01:32

Upon arriving at the medbay, Tali began to look around frantically for the bathroom, or any sign pointing to one. She wasn’t in the mood to either wait or ask Mordin about it, since pleasantries had become rather intrusive on her current goal. She didn’t care how rude it would have seemed to the Salarian, since she was the one who was in the most discomfort out of the two of them. And this was taking into account that one of Mordin’s horns was missing. Mordin opened up his omnitool, tapping away at the buttons as Tali frantically walked around the room. “So, Miss Zorah? How may I be of assist…. Em, is something the matter?” Tali, relying heavily on the doctor-patient confidentiality she was hoping Mordin would keep in mind, blurted out something she had wanted to say for hours.

“I have to piss really bad. Where’s the bathroom?” Mordin, while not entirely shocked or startled by this, was still nevertheless taken aback. He pursed his lips (or what passed for lips on a member of his species), and blinked his upward-facing eyelids a few times. “I see. And, what of your flu?” Tali muttered a few silent curse words, wanting to get through the talking part of her medical inspection as soon as Quarian-ly possible. “I don’t have a flu, okay. That was a lie. A lie. A lie, okay? I said that so you’d help me get here without me needing to ask anyone else for directions because I need to use your toilet RIGHT. NOW. OKAY?”

Mordin, closed his omnitool, a look of annoyance on his normally emotionless face. “Miss Zorah, I assure you that I am sworn to help any crew members with any bodily discomforts or difficulties that may occur during this ship’s travels, even… urinary-related ones. But lying to a medical professional, while not illegal, is highly unethical and may serve as one of several if not more terms of duty that all Normandy-” Tali groaned. “OKAY. LOOK. SORRY. I JUST- I have to pee? Okay? BAD. Like, three things of apple juice held in for hours BAD. Can I just please use your toilet? I’ll fill out the paperwork or whatever it is you need me to do.” Mordin stared at Tali for a second or two, and replied. “Miss Zorah, the medbay upon this ship does not have a “bathroom”; such utilities are located on several other locations, though.

Tali almsot began laughing. Of course. Of COURSE. The… The medbay didn’t have a bathroom. No bathroom! Of course; why WOULD it have a bathroom? Tali almost left Mordin without another word, but was stopped by him. “However, I do have two possible ‘treatments’ for what you are suffering from.” Tali turned around, her eyes wide and starry, her mouth open wide and smiling, although such a sight was invisble under her mask. However, this didn’t stop her from showing her glee. “YOU DOOOOOO?”, she asked in an unintentionally sing-song voice. Mordin nodded slowly, and pulled out a small plastic box and a case of multiple syringes filled with colorful liquids. Mordin opened the plastic box and took out one of the dozens of needles. Reaching into the box, he pulled out a cup, no bigger than a shot glass. 

“These containers are used to collect and contain bodily fluids for DNA testing, illness screenings, drug tests, and other such practices. This is one of ten which the box comes with, so I’m only able to, for lack of a better term, ‘perscribe’ you this one.” Mordin held up the needle. “And this is a highly useful nerve-dampening medicine. Again, such medications are currently in short supply on the ship, so I am only able to give you one shot.” Tai tilted her head, half happy-half confused. “Soooo…… How do either of these help me- ngh - with my pee problem? And you promise not to tell anyone about this? Patient-doctor formality secret thing?

Mordin nodded. “Of course. Lying or not, you still arrived to me in need of medical attention, albeit upon rather unconventional terms. This cup will allow you to release some of your urine into it, though only a small bit due to its limited size. Though, I imagine any relief you can get would be worthwhile?” Tali nodded frantically, almost grabbing for the cup. “And this injection will help numb the pain on your bladder, effectively making the discomfort you feel from needing to… urinate, um, lessen by up to 34.89 percent. So, Miss Zorah, the choice is yours.”

Life just got easier :) Thank you guys for your patience! You're the best!

*113*2018-02-20 23:03

Hey guys. Sorry that it's been so long since the last chapter was posted. Just a little busy ATM; this weekend I'll try and post two- maybe three! -chapters for you guys once I'm free and clear! Thanks for your comments and patience :D

*115*2018-02-25 23:09

After all that had been endured by her up to this point of the day, one would almost have certainly guessed that Tali would have leapt at the opportunities to lessen her discomfort as they were presented to her. However, as hard as it was for her to do so, Tali concentrated and thought. She COULD use the cup to pee, though it would only allow her to alleviate the pressure in her bladder by so much, and the idea of stopping less than halfway between her bladder being emptied seemed to be a painful and disconcerting task Tali didn’t fully trust herself or her body to go through with. However, the needle didn’t seem that bad of an idea. I would hurt, sure, but better to get something out of the situation rather than nothing. “I’ll just take the shot.” Mordin nodded, placing the cup back into the box. 

“Excellent. Please stand here.” Tali walked up to him, and after a minute or so off the doctor finding which area of her forearm would be “the least likely to contract an infection after breaching the fabric of the suit” (although Tali could not have cared less about getting sick at this point in time), Mordin injected her with the medicine, and held his Omnitool up to the where the needle had gone in. “Hmmm. Statistics being looked over… Ship’s medical server is analyzing systematically… All functions nominal… And, done. The medicine has taken effect, 100.00% confirmed. Urinary discomfort expected to decrease by 30.82% in… the next 24 hours.”

Tali didn’t know what happened. She just woke up and found herself holding Mordin off the ground, pinning him against the wall. She heard herself ask- nay, scream - the words “twenty-four hours?” In truth, Tali had used language far more colorful than that, but such obscenities did little else for her cause but show her pre-established anguish. Mordin, somewhere between being terrified and being annoyed, answered Tali. “Yes. 24 hours. Roughly one calendar day on Earth. I thought I had told you that it would take that long to come into effect?” Tali thought back. Had he said that? Or had she just stopped paying attention after he said “alleviate bladder pressure” or whatever the hell it was he said? Either way, she was far from satisfied with the “help”.

“Mordin, why, in all of the ever glowing universe and its many stars, would you give me medicine for something I’m in pain for RIGHT NOW if it takes 24 HOURS to work?” Mordin sighed. “I apologize. The medicine is inherently meant to help with cranial discomfort- it must work its way through the system, one section of the nervous system at a time.” Tali groaned, and let Mordin go. “W-Well…… Why couldn’t you have injected my…… THING? Or my..... BEHIND THING?” Mordin coughed uncomfortably. “Anything below the forearm would… Ehm, would have run a 85.934555… 5 repeating risk of a serious infection given the instrument I was using to administer the medication. And the syringe was the only instrument which was capable of transferring said medication into your body without risking said medication altering its chemical properties in a foreign containment unit such as another syringe, better suited for a Quarian’s physique.”

Tali didn’t care. She really didn’t care. Well, she did care. She cared immensely. But she wasn’t about to split hairs and start arguing with the Salarian doctor any further. She still had to go to the bathroom, and she was going to make it to the toilet no matter what it took. She left Mordin without another word, and left the medbay mumbling to herself. She crossed down a nearby flight of stairs (it wasn’t until today that Tali had noticed how large the Normandy really was), and took a sharp left in search of a bathroom.

She walked right into EDI, and both individuals fell to the floor.

*118*2018-03-05 16:19

Tali stood up, struggling more than she normally would have due to her current condition. EDI rose to her synthetic feet as well. “Ah. Hello, Tali. I apologize, I did not intend to-“ Tali had more than had enough of hearing people talk at this point. “Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Thanks. Great. Bye.” EDI watched as Tali slowly began walking away, her confusion peaking further and further. “Are you alright? Are you hurt?” Tali groaned, not daring to turn around and waste any time with the ship’s AI any further. Part of her felt bad about it, but she reminded herself that EDI was one of the least flesh-and-blood members of the crew, second only to Legion. She doubted the android would take much offense towards a cold shoulder. 

However, Tali stopped when she felt a warmth come over her. One which, while tingly and pleasant at first, also caused her to start thinking about the warmth of pee. Tali strained, and glassed her groin, back turned to EDI. “W-What was that, EDI?”

“I merely scanned you for injuries. It is a new feature I received in the latest update. I was not sure if you had gotten hurt and felt as though you did not need to talk about it. I felt it was my duty to the Commander, to you, and to the rest of the crew to ensure you are in the utmost physical condition.”

Tali murmured a quick swear to herself, and began to walk away. However, EDI stopped her with eleven words. “Tali, my sensors indicate that your bladder is full of urine.” Tali turned around, stared EDI into her eyes/visor, and spoke in a hushed tone. “EDI. PLEASE. Don’t say that out loud!”

“Why not? It is a perfectly normal biological-”

“It’s EMBARRASSING. Okay? I don’t think you’d get that, but- Just- Look, I need to find a bathroom. Now. You know they ship as well as anyone else. Where’s the nearest-?” Tali couldn’t bring herself to say “toilet”, as the mere mention of such a word would have sent her overboard. “Um, where’s the nearest… place?” EDI stared at the Quarian. 

“Place?”

“YES. Place! You know, the place where you do… stuff, um… You empty out… And, it… Relief? You know what I’m saying? Where is it?” EDI thought for a moment. “You mean a toilet?” Tali shuddered at the mention of that word. “Yes. Where is it? The closest one?” EDI opened a map of the ship in her visor to confirm the locations available on the ship. "There are two restrooms located two floors up, one male and one female. The ones below us on the lower deck were designated as ‘out of order’ 42.8 minutes ago due to a plumbing issue the crew has yet to fully figure out.” Tali sighed, and decided to head up the two floors. It would be hard, but it would be over soon enough. “However”, EDI continued. “There’s technically something similar on this floor that I know of, but-“ Tali almost tackled EDI upon running up to her and hugging her. “OH, THANK YOU. THANK YOU. THANKYOUTHANKYOUTHANKYOU.” EDI looked at Tali, thoroughly puzzled. “I- What-?”

“TAKE ME. PLEASE. NOW. PLEASE.”

“But-”

“PLEASE.” EDI relented, and began walking in the opposite direction Tali was headed. “Very well. If you wish, you may follow me to your the destination.”

*119*2018-03-05 16:25

Hey guys. I've had a lot of ideas for the story recently, so I was wondering, would you be alright if I made a straw poll where you all can vote on which ideas you'd like to see most in the future? You can vote more than once, and the ideas that get the most votes I'll take as things you'd like to see. I'm happy to do any of the idea; I just want to make sure you reading this is as fun for you as it is for me writing it! :D

*121*2018-03-07 01:53

%https://www.strawpoll.me/15216291

Here's the poll, guys!

You can vote for more than one thing! Depending on what's most popular, I'll definitely do it and/or do it sooner rather than later, and what isn't I'll scrap!

*123*2018-03-11 01:45

Tali waddled after EDI, trying as best as she could not to bring any attention to herself. They didn’t run into anyone on their way to wherever it was that EDI was leading her, which Tali herself was very grateful for. She began to relax her bladder, relieving some of the tension but increasing her need to urinate. However, she didn’t mind this. She would soon be near a nice, fresh, porcelain toilet. She didn’t care if it was Quarian-safe or not. She didn’t care if she had to tear a hole in her suit in order to use it. At this point, so long as she got to piss without anyone of importance knowing about in (in case of perhaps having to tear a hole in her suit, she could always use her Omnitool to suture it back up, albeit crudely yet mostly unnoticeable). EDI rounded a corner into a dark room, and Tali followed.

EDI placed her hand on a wall-pad, and the room lit up. It was a small, featureless room with one way in, and a small device on the far wall, opposite the entrance/exit. It looked like half of a ball, with a small funnel like device coming out the other half, coated in wires and with finely crafted steel rods wrapping around it. A spout of sorts, along with what could only be described as a robotic claw mixed with a plunger, stuck out at the end of the anomaly. EDI walked up next to it, and began typing on a keypad attached to it. Tali looked around, confused. “Uh, EDI? So, where’s the toilet? Dp I stick my… ‘You know what’ onto that and just…… Go? Does it hurt?” EDI looked up from the keyboard. “What? Tali, this device isn’t meant for you. You could try and use it, but it would not help. This is… In a manner of speaking, MY toilet.”

Tali was too confused and enraged to speak properly. “What? Why? Toilet? You? How? Why did you bring me-? Why? How? What?” EDI managed to catch what Tali was saying, and compiled together what it was the flustered Quarian meant. “You asked for a ‘toilet’. There were none nearby, and you seems greatly displease with that response. I merely ran through the ship’s schematics and found this was the nearest-” Tali spoke, almost screaming. “I MEANT A TOILET I COULD USE.” EDI looked on, shocked at Tali’s abrasiveness. “I tried to say ‘However. There’s technically something similar on this floor that I know of, but-’, and you stopped me there before I could continue and say ‘it is NOT a toilet fit for use of anyone but myself.’ I brought you to a toilet, as you instructed me to.”

Much like with Mordin, Tali had become fed up and decided to leave. EDI was an incredibly advanced and intelligent piece of machinery, but she was still AI. Trying to argue with her would yield about as much of a singular result as trying to explain the concept of color to a creature without eyes*.”

Tali turned to leave slowly, but saw the entrance was closed. This was odd, as Tali was certain she and EDI had entered through there. Why was it shut? Tali turned around to ask EDI, only to see her sitting in front of the funnel-device, eyes shut. “EDI? What the hell are you doing?”

EDI didn’t open her eyes, but responded. “I apologize, Tali, but I use this area as my ‘toilet’. I feel as though I had made that very clear.”

“What? Okay, yeah, you said that, but what does it mean? What are you doing?” EDI kept her eyes shut as a prong emerged from the funnel, attaching itself like a magnet to the back of her steel head. “I’m… For lack of a better term, ‘going to the bathroom’. My physical form can only amass so much binary code and excess data for my systems to handle, whereas my holographic form attached to the ship is limitless in terms of storage due to the ships’ central processor being linked to me. In layman’s terms, I was always ‘on the toilet’ then. In this artificial body, storage is limited, so now I have to relieve myself and ‘urinate’ my ‘pee’. Does that make sense?”

“Um… Yeah. Kind of. But why is the door closed?”

“Unfortunately, this room must be locked while I am using the EEDISSRN, ‘Excess EDI Server Storage Removal Node’ to prevent me from completing the task at hand, similar to how higher life forms ‘lock the door’ so they may ‘use the bathroom’. You are currently in here with me, yes. But as you are a highly qualified member of the crew listed under the ‘mechanics’ section of the Normandy’s crew dossier, you have authorization to bypass the ‘privacy settings’ on the EEDISSRN; I merely had to type in the passcode to allow you to stay here with me as I used said EEDISSRN.”

“But… Why… Why… Why would you lock me in here with you? Why can’t you just let me leave?”

“My storage was at 99% capacity. To prevent a meltdown of my CPU, I must initiate ‘code: insistence’ on my EEDISSRN functions and use the device effective immediately so long as I am being accompanied by someone listed as ‘trustworthy’ of being in the EEDISSRN’s room with me, such as yourself. Or, as I heard Joker once put it, ‘when you have to go you have to go’.

Tali’s brain attempted to process all of this, but was unable to. A computer… A robot… AI… “peeing”? What? How? For a brief moment, Tali felt a sense of panic. Stuck in the room with someone who had to go to the bathroom? Then she thought again. It wasn’t pee. It was… data, or whatever it was EDI had said. It wasn’t the same. It wouldn’t be that bad.

EDI spoke up again, as the prong began to hum. and glow. “Before I begin, Tali, I must tell you: this process usually takes fifteen minutes to complete, and my new PSEC does power up uncontrollably whenever I use it. Thank you for being so understanding, and while I do not expect you to do anything of the sort, I’m required to say this all the same: please do not disturb or remove me from the EEDISSRN me while the process is in progress. Doing so may result in critical loss of Class B and above files on the ship and it’s digital contents, which would prove detrimental to both the ship’s life-support systems, the mission logs, and/or up to 1,857 other important saved documents and pieces of code which are pivotal to the Normandy’s success on its travels.”

Tali almost said something, but thought another. Wait, PSEC? Why did that sound so familiar? “Um, EDI what do you mean by PSEC?”


“My ‘Pleasure Sensory Emulation Chip’. It is a specialized device used to help create an emulated, digital ‘nervous system’ for AI units such as myself, which activates under over 400,000 ‘pleasing scenarios’ that have been deemed ‘enjoyable’ by over 30 humanoid species. Joker got one for me for… personal reasons. He said it would help me feel ‘more human’. I decided to accept his gift, and have since enjoyed it immensely. The use of the EEDISSRN has proven to activate the PSEC, as I have already stated, providing my artificial body with pleasurable feelings which I cannot help but find ‘good’, for lack of a better word. If I say or do anything which seems unprofessional while using the EEDISSRN, please know it is the PSEC at work, and not my default settings.”

*That’s a little reference to a line from Mass Effect 1 :)

Hope you guys liked this chapter! Please let me know what you think, and let me know if I made EDI sound too robotic here. Also, sorry if not everything makes sense; I tried to explain it to the best of my ability to make the story feel more 'real'. I'm here to entertain on as many levels as possible!

Also, with the straw poll, "crew team building on a wet planet, citadel visit, and ride in the mako got the most votes, so expect to see those in the future! Maybe I'll make straw polls for those three arcs to see what you guys want to see in those! I plan to make this as long of a ride as you guys want, so please let me know what you think, and I'll do everything I can to make this as fun for you (and as miserable for Tali!) as possible!

*125*2018-03-11 02:13

{{17 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg that was a excellent chapter

}}

Thank you! What did you like about it?

*127*2018-03-11 04:49

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

The whole chapter there is nothing that I didn't like about it

}}

Well, thank you for the kind feedback and for taking the time to read the chapter!

