Holding for pleasure

Author: Ienjoy

*000*2018-04-14 19:20

CW: sex, enemas (briefly mentioned)

###

I had been holding in a liter and some for hours before I remembered my doctor’s appointment. I wanted to push myself for some fun–the feel of a hard and bulging bladder is the one thing that gets my clit throbbing the fastest. As I was enjoying myself and getting more and more turned on–more and more tortured and urgent that is–I looked at the time and realized I was bordering late for my PET scan. Without relief I headed out the door as fast as my bulging bladder would allow.

When I got to there, my bladder just grew harder and more urgent. I filled out paperwork and spoke with the receptionist with a calm disposition all while my bladder was calling for my attention. Unfortunately for my ability to hold, the situation only got me more and more turned on.

When I was told I would have to drink around another liter of a lemonade flavored tracer solution, I felt a panic at the thought of wetting myself in the machine. I further panicked at the thought of my hand instinctively massaging my clit to climax right there on the table if I got to that point.

The doctor proceeded to push me to drink, and lectured me on how PET works and what to expect. I had to keep still, respond, and smile all while I was thinking about my roaring and growing bladder. Then, my doctor informed me that it was crucial I stay still during the entire scan, or I would have to start all over again.

I maneuvered into the claustrophobic machine. It was hard enough to climb up on its own, but with a hardened bladder it forced me to press on it myself. I kept my face calm, even as the pressure gave a zap of bliss.

I had to fight the urge to move my legs and wince as I felt the lemonade tracer solution pass through me and trickle into my already full bladder. The pressure from the inside begged attention, but I had to force myself to keep calm. So far, the doctors and attendants I was interacting with didn’t seem to catch on that I was in both torture and bliss.

My bladder was hard to miss and even harder to ignore as I heard the whirring of the machine begin. I was being closely inspected, and I HAD to stay still. it was hard enough to stay still without a bladder pregnant with liquid, but it was crucial now that I stay still.

I was aware of their eyes on parts of me, sensitive to every movement. I held it well, but my mind couldn’t focus from the feeling of my full bladder. It felt like a pressure from the inside on my clitoris, like a weight made to push me closer to the edge. I was a pro at holding–but I had to make sure not to get too cocky, or too turned on while all the eyes were on me.

Finally the PET scan ended and I could leave to meet my boyfriend, Jason. I had no time to pee, and I didn’t want to. Finally I could relieve the pressure the way I really wanted to–with sex and torture at his hands.

We met at a cafe near his house–I told him about everything that happened earlier in the day. Like a reflex, he ordered me a coffee. My giant bladder was plainly visible through the think pink fabric of my girly dress as I sat. I should’ve known he would make this harder for me, and I enjoyed it even while I was on the brink of explosion. He was inspecting me for signs of struggle, and I tried to impress him with a nonchalance about it. When I finished the coffee, we left and went straight up to his house.

When we were finally in private, I became dominant. I didn’t have to ignore my bladder any longer. I took most of my clothes off and pulled us both onto the bed. I straddled him and pushed my bladder against his. I moaned at the first feeling of extreme pressure on my raging bladder all day. I took his hand and touched myself with it. After a while of using his body to push on my full, hard bladder and his hand to massage my clit I felt the urgency grow.

Jason sensed that I was getting close, and took his hand away and immediately. I knew he wanted to make it as hard for me to hold as he could. I refused to let even a drop out though. I felt his hands cup around my bulbous bladder. That pressure alone felt so forceful, but I wanted more. I arched my back against it while I touched myself under his gaze. Just as I gained control over myself Jason pushed hard, and held my hand from my clit. He kept me in this position, testing my bladder and ability to hold off on orgasm. It felt so good but so forceful I thought I would cum and pee right then at the same time. He held down and then used his own hand now to bring me to my first orgasm. My whole body tightened, making the huge amount of pee even harder to hold. I convulsed and tightened up into a full orgasm.

Because of the sheer amount of liquid inside me, the pressure was enough to keep me aroused. I became even more turned on it seemed because my clitoris was more disturbed and the pressure of my close bladder pushed it even further. Jason continued to tease me and fondle my body. He wouldn’t let my bladder go without pressure. I was kept just a bit away from an orgasm at all times–making all the pee even harder to contain.

At some point between my writhing and moaning and the sight of my absolutely humungous bladder, Jason lifted my legs up and entered me. My bladder was a full mass inside me and the feeling of Jason’s large penis just pushed up against it, increasing the pressure on all the contained pee. I could barely take it, but I knew I had no choice. His thrusting just irritated my bladder further, and the feeling was too blissful and unbearable. He flipped me over so my pregnant stomach was being pushed onto the bed as he fucked me, increasing the pressing to an extreme level. I felt the motion and the pushing from his hands and the mattress on my bladder now, and the penetration brought me to another orgasm. My eyes rolled back into my head as he watched, and my body shook as I felt the most bliss I’ve ever had in my life.

I saw some of Jason’s own bladder growing, the image sparking interest in me. I massaged my clit as he exited my pussy, watching his growing bladder. He reached in an opened a drawer with an enema and a butt plug. I was only at the beginning of my torture for today. I came twice and at this point my bladder was a screaming, intolerable sphere. but there was no way out–I had to keep holding until my bladder absolutely gave up.

I was flipped over once again as Jason filled my ass with his penis. The angle it hit at from the back seemed to be directly aimed at my bladder. I was truly being bombarded at all sides with pressure. It felt like the entire time I was in some sub-state of orgasm; my body had never been pushed like this before. He watched me intently as I groaned and made faces of both pleasure and pain. Being closer to bursting, I got closer to cumming, and the positive feedback continued as I had orgasms around his erect penis. As my eyes were far back into my head and my body was trembling with pleasure, I heard Jason announce "I’m gonna cum." He released more liquid into my ass, And my full lower half just became fuller. He used his penis as a plug kept inside me. I would not be allowed to release yet, even after hours of holding. I was almost at the point of bursting, and Jason intended to keep me that way for later use.

As he got the strength to exit me again, I laid on the bed still writhing and urgent. He returned with an enema, a bottle, and a plug. I was overcome with excitement and fear–was I really about to push myself further? I was sure at some point I would burst, if not right this second. Jason knew that too, and it seemed this was now an experiment to see how much torture my full and aroused body could take.

He lifted my legs and pushed them up, pressing against my bladder again. I winced and arched my back in pain and in pleasure. The enema was massive, and I felt as water entered and filled me further from the inside. After a while of this treatment, he plugged me up with a smile. I was officially his sex toy, and I loved it. Lastly he lifted the bottle, and put that in my pussy to finish me off. There was nowhere else to go–I was actually as full as I possibly could be, with the most pressure there could be on my urgent bladder.

I touched myself more now as he watched and brought myself to orgasm, forgetting it just worsened my condition.

"Well... should we go to dinner now?" Jason asked.

With no relief, and nothing taken out, I put on my thin pink girly dress again and went out into the world to interact once again.

Only after another few hours of interaction outside followed by more sex did I finally burst with him still inside me. He climaxed in me again, and we fell fast sleep.

