Don't Trust Swirly Straws

Author: inksoda

*000*2023-02-11 05:58

This is my first omorashi story on here ever! I made one on tumblr awhile back but it was more in the y/n format which I don’t think would really work on here. Either way, I don’t have much experience writing these days as my inspo is very fickle and random.

This story is about a couple - Sadie and Brynn! They’ve been together for a couple years and are very comfortable exploring their sexualities and kinks with each other, even if they haven’t discussed it prior. Obviously, communication irl yada yada, but this is fantasy, so enjoy!

Oh, and because I’m a visual person, here’s what I imagine Sadie to look like: https://i.pinimg.com/564x/15/23/1d/15231d149d845171b21e4225262b9fc4.jpg

And here’s what Brynn looks like: https://i.pinimg.com/564x/e7/20/14/e72014a439da3d807ab6ede2b373a26a.jpg

Sadie and Brynn were driving home from a long evening and date night they had scheduled after a hectic week filled with meetings, over-time, and lack of any breaks for themselves inbetween. Even as long as they were dating, they tried to make time for each other to not only keep the spark alive, but more importantly check in on each other. That evening, they’d chosen a traveling fair that was only in town for a few weeks. They’d gone crazy on the roller coasters, fried food, and even larger drinks. Sadie didn’t even think it was possible for drinks to come in that large of a container, but she really was a sucker for any cherry flavored beverage, much to Brynn’s amusement.

“I don’t think you’re going to be able to drink all that, sunshine.” She’d remarked as Sadie happily sipped on the swirly straw.

And of course, Sadie’s competitive nature kicked in and she squinted her eyes at her girlfriend. “Challenge accepted!” And that was proceeded with her sucking on the straw harder and her girlfriend snorting at her affectionately.

Of course, that was a couple hours ago, and now Sadie was starting to feel it. But the fair wasn’t that far from their house. Surely, she’d be fine! To keep her mind off the only slightly nagging pressure, her eyes sparkled as she stared out the passenger window at the sun setting and buildings passing them by as Brynn drove them home, a coziness setting in at the long but much needed day of memory making. Sometimes she wondered how she could keep falling more and more in love with her, but it always surprised her that it was possible. Sadie glanced over at Brynn and smiled a little, sighing as they set into a comfortable silence.

One she was happy to keep up until they got home when the car slowed, and her attention was pulled back to their surroundings-or more specifically, right in front of her. Traffic. She groaned under her breath and looked at a nearby road marker, realizing they were still fifteen minutes from the house and if the traffic kept up, it could be from anywhere from thirty to forty five. She adjusted in her seat and made a face.

“What’s with all the traffic tonight? It’s a Thursday!” She tried not to pout, but was definitely failing and was sure Brynn knew it.

“There was a big concert tonight. I’m actually surprised it’s not worse,” Brynn replied, head tilted as she tried to see if the traffic was moving up ahead. Brynn looked back at her girlfriend and paused a moment before smirking like she always did when she figured out something that Sadie was trying to hide. Sadie liked to pretend Brynn had mind reading super powers to make herself feel better.

“That drink’s starting to hit, isn’t it?” Brynn asked, trying not to look too smug about the revelation.

“Well, it wouldn’t have been a problem at all if not for this traffic!” Sadie replied, not willing to give her girlfriend the satisfaction of a proper yes. She adjusted in her seat again, as the pressure started to build. If the traffic would hurry up, she would make it home, albeit with a full bladder no doubt. The image of the giant, record breaking looking cup flashed in her mind again and she grimaced. Those were the kind of drinks that hit all at once, and of course she’d had to prove her girlfriend wrong and drink it all before they got on the next coaster.

“Mhm. Just try not to think about it. I’m sure it’ll clear up in no time sunshine.” Brynn reached over to squeeze her girlfriend’s hand comfortingly.

. . . . .

Fifteen more minutes had passed, and they’d only inched up every so often. Based off the exit they were at, it was still a thirty minute drive home with traffic and by the looks of it, Sadie didn’t have thirty minutes.

Sadie was visibility squirming now, the pressure on her bladder doubled. She’d always had a small bladder, but this time she was really trying to hold it. They just passed by an exit, and from how slow it was going, the next one wouldn’t be for another ten minutes. She bounced a little in her seat before letting out a whine.

“We should’ve gone off the last exit.” Sadie complained, placing a hand over her own thigh and pressing her fingers down slightly.

“You didn’t say anything or else I would’ve.” Brynn replied, taking in the scene before her. The desperation on Sadie’s face make a twinge of heat shoot through her. She felt a bit guilty since she knew her girlfriend was in quite the predicament, but she loved when her girlfriend was needy. And this was similar to how it looked, and it was only further turning Brynn on. They’d only once briefly discussed pee. They were both very open about most kinks, some they hadn’t even considered. Pee was one of those, and she remembered them over offhandedly mentioning that neither really had a problem with pee. And that was the end of that conversation.

Brynn was starting to change her stance.

“Ohhh my god. You were right, okay? Please, traffic gods show me mercy!” Sadie said dramatically, though she was genuinely getting nervous about how bad she had to go. She figured she could still hold it. She had to-they were in the car. It was only ten minutes until the next exit and then they could find somewhere to go.

“Just hang on. Next exit, I promise I’ll pull off and it’ll be fine,” Brynn reassured her girlfriend and patted her thigh, squeezing lightly to see her reaction. Sadie leaned into the touch, looking for any relief she could find. She believed her girlfriend’s words, so she resolved herself to keep holding and eventually they’d find somewhere.

. . . . .

“No…” Sadie whispered in horror. The ten minutes had passed to the next exit, only for there to be construction and a big sign that said exit closed. “No..no..no.” She whispered, hand reaching up to the window to try and get a better view-if there was anywhere they could pull off. But traffic was packed, and the next exit was farther than this one had been. She was visibility squirming and shuffling in her seat trying to find a more comfortable position, hand in between her legs trying to ease the pressure.

“You gotta find a spot to pull over. I can’t make it. There’s gotta be…” Sadie trailed off, breathing uneven and face slightly flushed.

“Sunshine, there’s rows of cars all around us. I can’t pull over unless you want to flash everyone and potentially get arrested for indecent exposure.” Brynn tried to be the voice of reason, even though she could see how bad Sadie had to pee. She was trying to ignore the way her own groin ached at the sight, mind thinking all sorts of dirty thoughts despite her desire to help. Part of her…didn’t want to. Part of her wanted to make it more difficult, but she had to be a good girlfriend.

“You can hold it baby girl. You got this.” Brynn encouraged.

Sadie let out another quiet whine and adjusted in her seat but didn’t say anything. One of her legs bopped up and down, body doing everything it could to distract her. But it was no use. Sadie bit her lip and looked out the window again, wishing something would pop up like some kind of miracle. There was no way she could hold it til home now. She hesitated before unbuckling her seat belt and turning to look in the back of the car for anything she could use if the worst happened. She found some wrappers they still need to clean out and a very tiny cup, one that probably wouldn’t hold five seconds of her pee.

She cried out in frustration and kept looking with no luck. She sat back in her seat and crossed her arms. Sadie was only quiet when she was in thought, so Brynn knew it was serious.

After a few more minutes Sadie turned to Brynn with pleading eyes and shook her head. “I can’t hold it. I can’t. It’s hitting me all at once. Please, pull over. I can’t. I’m going to get the car wet.” Her legs were trembling with effort to hold, and her hands were fully in her crotch. Brynn looked around again, but they were still in the same predicament, and the next exit wasn’t even in view. She let out a sharp breath, trying to hide how turned on she was. She knew it would be cruel, but she licked her lips and took a moment to think.

“Do you trust me?” Brynn asked Sadie.

“Of course, but please tell me you have a plan-”

“Take your pants off.” Brynn told her, voice lowering.

“Are you crazy?! I’m going to piss in the car, I can’t take them off!” Sadie almost screeched, clearly at her limit.

“Take them off now,” Brynn said in the tone that meant ‘I’m in control and there’s no room to argue.’

Sadie paused, looking at her girlfriend with wide eyes before letting out a small whimper and fumbling with her button and zipper. She slowly started to pull them down, along with her underwear, and pulled her legs out of the bottoms, tossing them down under the seat. She let out another desperate noise and quickly pressed her legs together, shaking her head.

“That made it worse, Please, oh Brynn that made it worse. Pull over, I’m gonna piss. It’s going to come out!” She cried, cupping herself with vigor now. She didn’t know what Brynn was up to but she wasn’t in the right state of mind to go against her. She was just hoping Brynn had something up her sleeve. She would pee in anything at this point.

Brynn unbuckled as well since traffic was at a complete stop, and she took off her hoodie, holding it in her hand as she stared at her girlfriend with hunger in her eyes. She was wet by now, she was sure of it. Seeing Sadie writher, whine, and beg was enough to put her in a headset that was usually only reserved for the bedroom. She wanted to help, but that sadistic little part of her brain was winning over.

“...You can pee on my hoodie-” Sadie was so desperate and close to leaking she went to grab the hoodie but Brynn stopped her.

“But…you have to spread your legs. Wide. I want to see your pretty pussy.” Brynn eyes locked on her with severity, and Sadie was looking back like her girlfriend had grown two heads.

“You can’t…You can’t be serious.” She swallowed hard, fingers clenching and trying to push between her to stop anything from coming out. She was absolutely bursting and could feel herself to the point of pulsing. There was no way she could pull her legs apart without completely losing control of her bladder.

Brynn wasn’t joking though, and it showed across her face. “You’re going to piss all over the seat if you don’t anyway, so it’s better to try right. C’mon, be a good girl. Sit back in the seat, pull your legs apart. Wide - as far as they’ll go. And hold it for five seconds and my hoodie’s all yours baby. See, it’s big enough to soak up all that liquid that’s inside you right now. All you have to do is listen and obey.” Her voice was just as breathy as Sadie’s, but the command and dominance in her tone hadn’t changed. They were definitely talking about this after.

Sadie panted as her limit was coming to an end and she stared at the hoodie longingly, the only damn thing in the car she could use to even remotely save herself from an even bigger mess. And there was no way she could do it. But she had to right? Maybe if she could just willpower her way through it, knowing there was some form of relief, her bladder would take mercy on her. She pushed her legs together more though as she felt a wave of pressure and let out a quiet cry a trickle made it’s way out against her bare legs.

“I’m going to get the car wet. I can’t-it’s coming out. I can’t. Please give me the hoodie Brynn. I’m going to make a mess!” She was close to tears at that point, knowing her body was about to give out.

“You know what you have to do. Open them, wide.” Brynn commanded again, a finality in her voice. She was in a completely dominant headspace, and nothing was going to change her mind. She was so incredibly aroused at what was happening, she couldn’t stop herself from giving in to the desire to see the outcome.

Sadie gripped the back of her thighs hard enough to make red marks and let out shudders, trying to tell her bladder to just hold on a bit more. Just a bit…she started to part her legs very slowly, feeling a spasm shoot through her bladder. She whined louder this time, but was surprised to find she didn’t leak at all. Though, she’d only moved her legs barely an inch apart. She took one last look at Brynn and felt herself give in.

She opened her legs more and more, inch by inch, before she threw her head back and let out a loud cry of pleasure, relief, and acceptance all at once. She half-moaned and half-sobbed as she opened her legs fully up to her sides, and a powerful torrent of piss that she no longer had control over, shot out all over the dashboard.

“Ohh I can’t stop…it’s coming out. The hoodie…Ahhhhhhh-I can't stop it!! Brynn!!” She made one last valiant attempt to cut the stream off, but it did absolutely nothing. In fact, her pee just came out faster and harder and she arched her back as she groaned, knowing it was a lost fight.

Brynn knew there was already a mess to clean up, but just to give her girlfriend a bit of comfort, she positioned the hoodie right where the stream was hitting in front of the dash and started to praise her. “That’s it, good girl. See, you’re going on the hoodie just like I said you would. Let it all out, let it out for me. Oh, there’s so much..” Brynn whispered, in awe of just how bad and how much Sadie had to go.

Sadie was still panting and holding her legs back, watching with half-lidded eyes as her stream continued to shoot out at full force, not even caring if it was on the hoodie, dash, or anywhere else. She moaned in pleasure, her own needy headspace taking over as well as her girlfriend coddled and praised her. “Mm, ‘s so wet. There’s so much still in. I can’t control it. It’s all coming out,” She gasped, head tilting back as she reached a level of ecstasy she’d never had before-an unfamiliar mix of all sorts of emotions boiling over as her bladder was finally freed.

Her pee shot out at the same velocity for about a minute soaking the hoodie completely and splashing over the dash and carpet as well. But she was too zoned out and still aching with need to be able to stop it. Her remaining spurts were long, almost like she was going to start going again. Every other second she would shoot out a long, clear shot of pee into the damp hoodie, hips jerking forward every time until she let out a deep breath and slumped into the seat, final trickles of pee leaking onto the seat and carpet below.

It was the hottest thing Brynn had ever seen in her life, and she could tell just by her girlfriend’s expression, she loved it as well. Not just because she emptied her bladder, but the way she stuck her tongue out slightly and looked at her with that hazy expression. She was sure they just unlocked something that they would have many more experiences with.

Leaning over, Brynn kissed the top of her girlfriend’s head and smiled, letting her process all that had happened. “My good girl.”

