Arasaka (Night City Divison) Office Lady

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2024-12-14 06:33

In the flickering neon lights of Night City, where the lines between human and machine blurred, Hana Suárez sat at her workstation within the massive Arasaka Tower skyscraper.

Hana was a young OL (“office lady”) in the Arasaka Corporation’s North American operations, part of the faceless, voiceless army of women who kept the corp's vast financial empire running. Of Korean and Mexican descent, she was a blend of cultures and histories, but in this cold, metallic world, was a cog in the relentless machine that was Arasaka Corporation. Her life, like many others, had been consumed by the demands of the corporate beast, where every second was counted, measured, and squeezed dry for productivity.

Her desk, one among countless others, was a sterile slab of metal and plastic, with a terminal that blinked incessantly with data. Her fingers moved at a mechanical pace, inputting numbers, analyzing charts, and sending reports that would be lost in the vast ocean of corporate bureaucracy. The monotony of her tasks was only broken by the urgent, gnawing pain in her lower abdomen. She needed to pee—badly—but the clock on her terminal screen read 10:00 AM. Two more hours until the standard one-hour lunch break, the only time she and her fellow OLs were permitted to use the restroom. It was a policy etched into the very fabric of Arasaka's draconian work culture, a twisted test of endurance and obedience for the OLs who toiled under the ever-watchful eye of their superiors. The so-called Free State of North California, a corporatocracy unaffected by what little federal or state labor regulations remained, allowed it to further flourish.

In Night City, employment with a corp like Arasaka was a lifeboat in the storm of poverty and chaos. It afforded her a small, modular apartment in the lower levels of the city—a cramped space, but at least it was hers. And she had food, though just enough to stave off hunger. In a city where the destitute roamed the streets like ghosts, she knew she should be grateful. But gratitude was hard to muster when every workday was torture.

Hana shifted uncomfortably in her seat, her bladder screaming for relief. She bit her lip, glancing around the open-plan office. Each workstation was occupied by an OL like her—women of various racial and ethnic backgrounds, all dressed in identical, form-fitting uniforms that marked them as Arasaka property, and all performing the same monotonous tasks. The only thing that broke the monotony was the fidgeting, the desperate movements as they all tried to endure the same torment. She saw the anguish in their eyes, the barely suppressed tears, the tiny gasps and whimpers that escaped despite their best efforts to remain silent. It was a muted symphony of suffering.

Hana’s legs shook uncontrollably, her foot tapping a frantic rhythm on the cold floor. She couldn’t take it anymore. Steeling herself, she glanced towards her buchou’s desk. He was an imposing figure, a grim-faced middle-aged Japanese man with cybernetic ocular implants that gave his already intimidating presence a sharp, unfeeling edge. His bionic eyes, cold and calculating, scanned the room as he monitored productivity.

Summoning what little courage she had left, Hana raised her hand and called out to him, her voice trembling, “Buchou…may I please go to the restroom? It’s an emergency.”

He didn’t even look up from his work. “No,” he said, his voice flat and unyielding. “You can wait until the standard break. Every second you’re not working is lost productivity.”

“Please, I—” she tried again, but he cut her off, this time looking up with an icy glare.

“Return to your work, Miss Suárez. Don’t cause trouble,” he snapped, his gaze flicking towards the two Arasaka security guards standing just outside the glass office doors. They were dressed in black, their faces expressionless, but their presence was a clear threat. Hana knew better than to push further.

Her heart sank, a wave of despair washing over her as she returned to her tasks. The need to relieve herself was all-consuming, a constant, throbbing agony. She clenched her thighs together, her hands shaking as she tried to focus on the data in front of her. Time crawled by, every minute stretching into eternity. Her bladder felt like it was about to explode, the pressure unbearable. She struggled to hold on, forty minutes passing in torturous silence.

But her body had reached its limit. Hana’s vision blurred with tears, her body trembling uncontrollably: she couldn’t hold it any longer. With a choked sob, she felt her control slip away. A warm, wet sensation spread through her skirt, soaking her panties and pantyhose. The urine pooled in her chair, streaming off the edges to form a noticeable puddle on the floor beneath her, drenching her high heels. She gasped in humiliation, tears streaming down her face as the reality of her situation set in.

The other OLs shot her quick, sympathetic glances but said nothing. They couldn’t afford to. They couldn’t stop working. The harsh reality of their existence demanded their silence. Hana’s sobs were the only sound breaking the sterile hum of the office.

Her buchou looked up at the sound of her sobs, his face remaining as impassive as ever. He gave a small, almost imperceptible nod to the security guards just outside. They stepped in and were on her in an instant, one of them roughly grabbing her by the arm and yanking her out of her soaked chair.

“Get the fuck up, Miss Pissypants!” he snarled, his voice a low growl filled with disdain. Hana stumbled, the pain of the guard’s grip momentarily eclipsing her humiliation.

The buchou spoke coldly, not even looking at her. “The guards will take you to the ladies' room to clean yourself. You’ll be provided with a new uniform and undergarments to change into and will promptly return to your workstation afterward. The cost of the new uniform and a replacement chair will be deducted from your pay.” Hana’s heart sank further as she realized what that meant—less money for food, for rent, for survival. “And expect further wage garnishments for the lost productivity,” he added, as if she weren’t already crushed enough. The guards dragged her away, mocking her with cruel comments, their voices dripping with contempt.

She hung her head in shame, tears streaming down her cheeks as she was roughly escorted to the women’s restroom, the harsh fluorescent lights of the corridor illuminating her humiliation.

As she stepped into the restroom, the door closing behind her, Hana looked at herself in the mirror. Her reflection was a broken woman—tears staining her face, her clothes soaked with her own urine. She wiped her face with a trembling hand, trying to regain some semblance of composure.

But as she cleaned herself and changed into the new uniform, the weight of her situation pressed down on her. This was her life in Night City—a life of daily anguish, of suffering in silence, of being just another expendable asset in a world ruled by corporations.

And yet, she knew she would still go back to her workstation. She had no choice. The alternative was the streets, and in Night City, the streets were a death sentence. So, with her heart heavy and her spirit crushed, she prepared to face another day in the cruel, unfeeling world of Arasaka.

Another day in a cyberpunk dystopia.

*003*2024-12-16 00:27

{{23 hours ago, Vozhd said:

You should continue this.

}}

I'll see what I can do.

Obviously a cyberpunk dystopia wouldn't be so great for the working class, or even for some of the tech employees.

*005*2024-12-16 02:16

{{3 hours ago, Vozhd said:

Very good. I await more updates like this. Do you want any ideas?

}}

Sure.

Another story idea I have is a (female) employee at a Night City data center working under a cruel AI supervisor that allows no breaks whatsoever for a 14-hour shift.

*009*2024-12-18 23:01

{{On 12/17/2024 at 11:04 AM, Vozhd said:

The main employee will be a mildly overweight Japanese woman who has to squeeze herself into the tortures uniform every day.

}}

I already started writing it and I have the character as a slim Indian woman, but her uniform will be uncomfortable.

