Michelle Jones Wet Secret

Author: IzzyWizzy

*000*2022-03-22 23:18

All seemed quiet, and still, until the fearful sound of thunder became audible.

Michelle shot up, her curly, frizzy brown hair hanging messily across her shoulders as her eyes seemed to dart around, her chest lifting up, and down for what seemed like every second without fail as she heaved breath by breath.

Another nightmare.

The girl’s breathing began to slow as her eyes adjusted to the dark, her heart still pounding hard, and fast inside her chest, but she would never let anyone know that, her hands, painted a tanned light brown from the day she was born, her fingernails a sparkly, glittered pink, slid down beneath her blanket, snaking their way across her waistline and down her slim hips before they reached her crotch, which, like it had been the past week without fail, was warm.

And worse? It was wet.

She couldn’t understand it, since around a week ago, despite never having been in such a situation, she couldn’t help but dream of falling off unstable scaffolding, and that…device, she shuddered slightly, the thought of it left the hairs across the back of her neck stood on end, and every time she had woken up, it was always the same.

For some reason, every time she dreamt of it, she woke up soaked in her own pee, and she couldn’t understand that either, it had started since about a week ago, when she found her, and her best friend, Ned, on the island that housed the Statue of Liberty, the problem? It was the same scaffolding that she dreamt of falling from that covered the Statue, and worse? That day, her jeans were completely soaked, and she couldn’t understand why.

All she could remind was a figure, a slim, brown haired boy clad in a red and black suit, and yet…his face seemed to have been rubbed out, gone from her memory, she couldn’t understand it, and she hated that, she hated not understanding, and she hated not understanding as much as she was.

An hour passed, in which she took her clothes down to the washer, and stripped out of her wet clothes, throwing them into the washer with precision that could only be found in a person who had dealt with it before.

She felt annoyed, that such an old adversary had re-emerged.

Her urge incontinence seemed to have returned.

She shivered as she felt the warmth that the shower water provided, but couldn’t help but sigh in pleasure as it washed away her worries, and the wet reminder of her accident, it seemed to calm her, and she needed that, so much right now.

She spent longer than she should have basking in that comforting feeling, and as a consequence? She had to rush to get ready, picking out a, at least by her standards, childish pair of panties absentmindedly, pairing them up with a pair of light blue jeans, and a white, wooly jumper, she hardly had time to get her shoes on before she ran out of the door in order to make it to her bus stop, where she had promised Ned she would meet him.

Her black Mary Janes didn’t fail to make a soft tapping sound as they collided with the concrete, announcing her eventual arrival to her friend when she finally made it to the bus stop, luckily on top, and insulting early, breathless and her face red as a consequence.

Moving towards her friend, she couldn’t help but open her arms for a hug, which the lovable boy answered her prayer almost instinctively, she had, albeit embarrassingly, told the boy about her struggles recently, and he had done nothing but helped her, which she felt eternally grateful for.

After a few minutes, the black and yellow bus made its obvious appearance, honestly you could spot it a mile away, and the girl chose a seat nearest to the window, as childish as others viewed it, she loved the way the surrounding area flew past.

However, it was as they arrived at the school, and her shoes made their announcement in the sound of that soft tapping, colliding with the relatively new concrete, she realised something important.

She had, in her rush, neglected her routinely morning pee, and with her embarrassing problem possibly making a return into her life, she had needed to not break that formation never more than today.

English Studies went by pretty quickly, and she was surprised, considering she had never really considered herself good at well, anything, but as she stepped out of the classroom, she felt a small, but noticeable pang of pain erupt from her bladder, and she knew she needed to pee, yet, she also knew that the next lesson, being mathematics, was on the other side of the school, and that if she went to pee, she would be late, yet again, and she was sure that she’d need to pee again in the inevitable detention that awaited her if she followed that plan.

And so, she began to walk away from the toilets, instead, walking towards her history classroom, and luckily, arrived right on time.

Maths didn’t go by so quickly, and instead, she found herself quietly, and nervously rubbing her legs together as that urge seemed to worsen, and just when she thought she was in the clear, she heard her name be called, causing her to silently whisper a small 'fuck' to herself, as she was asked to stand up to come and solve an equation.

That walk was the most nerve wracking thing she was sure she had ever done, and weakly pushing herself to the board, she began to use the marker in order to write down the equation, and the answer.

Just those small, almost insignificant two minutes of doing that action, changed the entire course of whether or not she’d arrive home dry.

Her last lesson went by just as quickly as English, then again, it was Spanish, and she was good at Spanish, so perhaps that was why.

As she made her way, finally to the only toilets in the school, she couldn’t help but bring a hand down to her throbbing privates to try and relieve some of the pain, yet when she reached the door, the paper notice that covered the otherwise brown coloured entry almost made her cry.

'OUT OF ORDER'

She’d have to hold it until she got home, and she wasn’t sure if she could do, nor handle that, but she had little choice, and so, she made the shamed walk back to the other side of the school, to make sure she’d make it to her bus.

Finally sitting down, she couldn’t help but cross her legs, luckily, it was practically empty besides a few people, and Ned had been picked up due to a dentist appointment, which she couldn’t help but smile at, he was eighteen and still being picked up by his mom, she honestly found it cute.

But really, how could she talk? She was eighteen and struggled staying dry.

As the bus jolted to a slow and excruciating start, she felt her bladder involuntarily spasm due to the shaking, leading to a large spurt entering her panties, which she couldn’t help but gasp at.

As the ride went onwards, she went from crossing her legs, to having both hands pressed through her blue jeans, digging into her throbbing crotch, she was honestly in agony, and every few minutes or so, she’d feel a small, albeit still dangerous enough to soak her pants, spurt enter her clothing.

The bus went onwards, and she couldn’t help but sigh, she had forgotten how far the school was from her house in her rush, and all the small routes that she found fascinating just that morning, now seemed annoying and dangerous to her dignity, the first hint that she was in danger, was when the bus went over a speed bump and she felt a long stream soak her panties, and most definitely at least dampen her jeans, and that gave her an idea, looking around the coach, it was just her, at the back, and two people at the front, one being the driver, the other a brown haired boy, almost like the one from her dreams.

She didn’t have time to ponder on that, though, and she began to pull down her jeans, just far enough that they were at her knees, her purple panties that were splattered with pink polka-dots now seemed to fit this childish behaviour, as she released the contents in her bladder, only for a few seconds, but with how desperate she was, it was like releasing half of her problem, and by the end of those ten seconds, her, her panties and the seat were all soaked, she quickly moved to the next seat and pulled her jeans back up, not thinking of the wet patch it could leave on the light blue denim.

Finally her stop arrived, and she stood, feeling another spurt escape due to the sudden movement, to which she felt her face go bright red, and she sort of shuffled her way past the row, stepping out of the bus, and onto the pavement, the brown boy seemed to follow her, staying slowly behind, but his eyes seemed fixated on something and reaching her hands slyly behind her, she realised what.

She had a relatively large wet patch across her butt.

Removing her hands from her crotch however, gave it the signal to release, and she couldn’t do anything but gasp in shock as she felt it release, that sigh was followed by a quiet moan from the girl, due to the relief of it.

The soaking lasted minutes, and by the time it ended, her pants were completely soaked, there was no way she could ever hide this.

"Michelle? Is that you?" A voice came from behind her, and she almost fell over as she spun on her heel, her soaked pants on full display.

It was him, it was the boy from her dreams.

Something clicked and she felt tears fall down her face.

"Peter?"

*003*2022-03-23 21:12

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Like it so far!!

}}

I’m glad you liked it! I tried to keep in character with who zendaya’s MJ is, and I found the way I went about it to work best!

{{17 hours ago, SM15 said:

Great story!

}}

Glad you think so! I definitely tried hard with this one, I tried to diversify the descriptions and such, but I’m not sure it worked great.

I was actually wondering if anyone would like to see a full story, original or fan-fiction!

*005*2022-03-24 23:25

{{On 3/23/2022 at 10:58 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Would I like to see a full story? Hell yes!

}}

I’m glad you would! It would probably be with an original character, but I have like this whole story planned out and omg I’m so excited to start it if that’s what people want!

*007*2022-03-24 23:50

{{10 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I mean people on this omarashi site would want to read a story about somebody wetting themselves

}}

I get that! It’s just that it’s probably be a really long story, and I’d just like to make sure all my readers would like that, if that makes sense?

*010*2022-03-25 08:19

{{8 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I'm totally fine with a longer story.

}}

That’s great! I’ll definitely have to do a story, then! I do have a base premise, since i’ve been playing Dying Light 2 recently, and I feel like a apocalyptic story could be interesting!

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I mean I read long stories it takes me a long time to read them but I read them

}}

It’s good that you do! I just really want everyone to be happy with it, also, I’m pretty sure you recommended an MJ story, right? Just wondering what you thought of this one

