Oceanic release

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-01-19 04:42

Lea sat down on her soft towel, feeling the gusty wind and the lovely heat. She felt the hot sand between her toes and the summer breeze on her face. "Nothing can ruin this day!" She said to herself. Staring at her skinny body loving her cute outfit. Short jeans with the zipper down only covering her revealed orange bikini bottoms that encased her small ass. As she looked up, she saw her A cup bikini tops and her red unbuttoned shirt with Hawaii style imagery on it. She felt that her cups were one problem for getting cute boys, but she looked at a different perspective for her short yet skinny young body.

Her eyes were fixed on a cute boy named Davis, wearing a surf top and pants. Realizing that she was day dreaming, Lea snapped to reality back to find Davis was walking her way! "Hey Lea" said Davis, making Lea blush in multiple shades of red. Davis giggled before realizing that Lea might just have a crush on him. Thinking to himself "A girl likes me? No... That can't be true!"

"Ummm... He-He-H-urn.... H-hi Dav-is-s" replied Lea snapping Davis out of his little thinking moment. Davis put the puzzle together, the multiple love notes, gifts and ect must have been her! "My god am I an idiot" Davis said as he was thinking out loud not long before covering his mouth and blushing himself. Lea felt a little sensation inside of her. She had put it aside all morning, but now of all times it came... Her bladder was full and was ready to go.

Davis said "Lea... Oh god I can't believe it took this long..." Lea's bladder was yelping for release as she grabbed her crotch and started squirming. Davis was too busy talking to notice that Lea needed to go. "I can't believe that it took so long for me to say this..." Lea was at her breaking point. "I love you too..." As Davis grabbed Lea and hugged her before leaning and kissing her.

The shock of this made Lea's bladder go. Davis couldn't notice that Lea was leaking hot urine into her bikini bottoms and into her short jeans before going down her legs. Seconds later, Davis smelt around and relised what had just happened, staring down at Lea's soaked bottoms and shaking body. Lea started crying hanging her head in shame and coveri her eyes. Lea had just wet herself and was still going. Davis stared down at his wet pants before looking back at her. When she finished peeing, Lea was crying like a baby, kneeling on the urine soaked sand. Davis snapped out of his little trance and came to her side, hugging her deeply and saying "it's ok... It's ok..."

To be continued?

Comment if you want more!

