Seen on the beach

Author: I like wet bikinis

*000*2018-08-29 15:30

Megan felt very uncomfortable. She badly needed to pee. It was peaceful on the beach, but right now she would prefer to be within sight of a public toilet block. She sat up and looked round. Blue sky, blue sea, yellow sand, grey cliffs and brown rocks.

'Em,' she said.

Emily opened her eyes and squinted at her.

'Em, I don't suppose you saw any loos here?'

Emily shook her head, then sat up. She too looked around.

'I've gotta tinkle too.' Pause. 'The sea still looks cold.'

The two students had paddled ankle-deep in the water, but no deeper, when they arrived that morning. Emily looked at the rocks down the beach. A girl could find a hidden corner there she thought.

'Shall we go for a stroll down the beach?'

Megan understood. She nodded. Both women stood up, brushing sand off their limbs, adjusting sunglasses and stepping into beach shoes. Picking up their bags they walked away from their towels, chatting easily. After a few minutes they got to the rocks. It was a bit of a scramble over hard, uneven ground. And there were still people sitting higher up the beach near those rocks. It was a bit more exposed than Megan had expected. They went on a bit further. The stretching and clambering was putting a strain on her self-control. She slipped on some seaweed and almost wet herself.

'Em, I think this will have to do. I'm gonna piss myself if I slip again.'

'Yeah, I almost lost it a minute ago.'

Emily looked all round,

'Someone's going to see us wherever we go, but it's pretty quiet here.' And saying that Emily stepped onto the sand between two large rocks. She turned to look towards the people sitting at the base of the cliffs, put her bag on a rock, then hooked her thumbs over her bikini bottom and flicked it her thighs. She leaned forward whilst sticking her bum out towards the rock and pissed down on the sand.

Megan realised that Emily had taken the best place for a pee. She would have to wait her turn for it, or choose a more public spot. She decided she couldn't wait. So standing on the rock where she was, she pushed her swimsuit straps off her shoulders, then rolled it down, letting her breasts swing loose and then pushed it down towards her knees. She half-crouched as she did so, as if she were hovering over a pub toilet. Her piss flowed almost immediately, a gentle trickle that then jetted from her.

She looked down to watch it forcefully squirting and splashing on the rocks between her feet. She felt self conscious in the open with the sun and breeze on her back. She looked up and saw a young man - about her own age - had spotted her stripping off and was now staring at the fit naked woman sideways on, pissing in plain sight in front of him. She had gone past the point of self-control and knew there was no point trying to stop. Nor could she move out of sight from him. Her eyes met his and he smiled. She smiled back. He seemed to be enjoying watching her. She put her finger to her lips. 'Shhh! Our secret! Don't tell!'

'Meg! You tart!'. Emily - also still urinating fiercely on the sand - saw what she was doing. Never a girl to miss an opportunity, she finished her wee and made sure he got a good glance at her; she flashed him, front and bum as she wiped and pulled up. She even managed to flash her tits at him under the pretence of adjusting her bikini top. Megan then made sure he had a full opportunity to admire her slim body once she had finished and gave him a friendly wave before returning to her towel.

Megan returned to that spot - alone - for another pee a couple of hours later. He also went there to relieve himself then, and they spent a little time together. But that's another story.

