Duties Call (Fiction story commisoned by @Shadowdevil)

Author: IzzyWizzy

*000*2024-03-05 23:22

Gwen was a good student, that wasn't the issue behind why so many professors didn't like her, she was smart, attractive, funny, traits nearly anyone liked! What they didn't was how distant she seemed, how distracted she was and how she kept disappearing, with seemingly the worst excuses possible, but hey, that's most teenagers, right?

Not Gwen Stacey, also known as the one, and only -- Spiderwoman. Being a hero was hard, it had to be, otherwise other people would do it more often! There'd be boat loads of superpowered individuals, yet, there wasn't, why? Because it's a job that requires the most painful currency of all -- sacrifice, and Gwen had too much to give...

Gwen could feel the chill in the air as it passed silently and invisibly through the window, she couldn't just feel the slight disturbance in the air -- she could sense it, she could smell it, she could SEE it, that was the worst thing about her spidersense, she couldn't block anything out.

She shifted uncomfortably in her seat as she heard the teacher explain the homework they had, absentmindedly making note of the woman's demands for the next week, her brain was too occupied with the pain in her abdomen, it was sharp and familiar, a hurting itch -- the need to pee. She didn't, contrary to popular belief, have a super bladder, if anything it was worse than the weak, dangerously sensitive bladder she had before she'd been bitten -- every mild urge stung like an absolute bitch and her muscles had been weakened by days on end of pushing it past it's limits to the point that they simply just...stopped recovering, she could heal fast, yeah -- but some things, as well as mental damage, just couldn't be fixed, her body had tried to fix it by strengthening the muscles but that only made it worse, it made her body push the pee out even harder involuntary, it had turned cases of 'i'm desperate but i can hold it' into cases of 'I'm peeing my pants and i can't stop.'

The bell, by some miracle, rang out as her needs reached that desperate level, and she shot up out of her seat to get into the hallway, to the toilet, it was the end of the day, she'd catch the bus, go home, and hopefully not wet the bed again.

And as she was about to reach the door, she felt it, the hairs on her limbs stood up on end, her body shuddered, everything felt icy and burning hot at the same time.

Danger.

She moved quickly, momentarily forgetting about her need to go as she rushed herself out of the school and into an alleyway.

Getting changed was hard, her need returned with a vengeance as she began to unbutton her jean shorts -- ready to release and yet she didn't have the time, the longer she waited, the more someone had a chance of dying.

Swinging was painful, the pendulum effect made her need a 1000x more worse but it was the quickest way to get there, to stop...

GREEN GOBLIN

She felt fear, he'd always made things the worst for her, he'd caused most of the damage she had mentally, and wasn't far off being to blame for her physical injuries, either, he didn't worry about hurting you, he aimed to kill.

"Goblin!" She shouted, feeling the tears fill in her eyes as she heard her voice break, Goblin knew she was afraid. He always knew.

"What's wrong, Spiderbaby?" He said in a clearly sarcastical and sadistic voice. He was making fun of her!

"Going to run away with wet pants, again?"

She felt the redness rise to her skin and despite her mask hiding it, she couldn't help but feel crushed. The last time they'd fought, she had wet herself.

Not thinking straight, and fuelled by her anger and her now reminded need to pee, she rushed at him, shooting a web as she connected to his foot and pulled herself at him -- She didn't even make it half way before his glider caught her in the act, swooping in and slamming into her side, sending her sideways.

Immediately, she felt it, her bladder protested and without her control, a two second-ish leak escaped, it was warm and clearly very painful to keep the rest in as she struggled to swipe the glider away and keep control of her issue, having to push off the glider to land and so, in the acrobatic move, it happened again, this time it was longer, a much stronger spurt as it splashed straight through her panties and into her white, black and pink designed costume pants, leaving a wetspot the size of a ping pong ball.

She was furious, not again, it would not happen again. She rushed in, dodging the glider this time, with the help from her spidersense and sent it towards him, as it flew at him, he jumped, and unaware of her sudden attack, wasn't prepared for the 'bite' that followed, as she punched him so hard in the face that the glass in the lenses of his mask completely shattered in his right lense and the left cracked. She followed this up with a hard uppercut to his sternum and a right hook to his kidney, her child years as a boxing student showing out as she then followed it up with a shot to his nose before she grabbed his suit's armoured top, the metal bending under her grasp. Her face was one of pure anger, that he couldn't see as he simply laughed through the pain, and then, he spoke.

"Looks like you fell for it -- again."

And then he uncoupled three 'smoke' grenades from his belt and dropped them in unison, she was too quick in her angered state, too intuned to her abilities to think and as she caught one, overestimating the density of it, it blew up, quite literally, in her face and a plume of green smoke escaped. She breathed it in, and immediately, she could tell something was wrong, she stumbled back, letting go off him as she felt her bladder muscles loosen without her permission, what had she inhaled, what had he done? She coughed yet again, and pee immediately began flooding her pants, she couldn't hold it, it was like her muscles had just...turned off, they wouldn't respond to her incessant cries to work and all the while, the goblin laughed as he recalled his glider.

"See you around, pissypants, good luck with crime fighting now!" And he escaped, she was too busy pissing her pants to stop him, and in a frightened attempt to hide, she covered her face despite the mask, a small crowd began to form and all she could was the insults and the children asking why their hero was pissing herself like a little girl, it was horrible.

She ran, webbing away and soon, she found herself at the top of the empire state building, sobbing to herself as she replayed the events over and over in her head.

He was right, she was a pissypants, a...a baby, it had happened again.

(And that's the end so far! sorry for it being so short, i tried my best as i didn't have much time, huge thanks to @Shadowdevil for the commission, i love writing as the many i have and still do rp with will know

Spoiler

And hopefully this is the start of me getting back into it. Anyway, this was meant to be a one shot but if you all like it, i could continue it, let me know what you all think!)

*002*2024-03-06 13:37

{{11 hours ago, Shadowdevil said:

Loved it! Green Goblin is probably my favorite Spiderman villain.

}}

Hey! So glad you liked it, i honestly had fun writing this one and despite the shortness i felt like it was a decent attempt to get back into it.

