Mass Effect: Tali's Toilet Troubles

Author: Itber

*000*2017-01-18 23:44

This is my first story. It will be an ongoing project, so while you read it/wait for the next part(s), please tell me what you think so far and/or what you like or don't like in the comments.

Aboard the Normandy, after another eventful and successful mission, Tali’zorah (“Tali”, for short) was sitting at a computer, inputting data and checking for any fluctuations in the ship’s engines. She sat there, using an emergency induction port (straw) to drink a human beverage known as apple-juice through a small, sealable opening in her mask. She was on her third cup of the substance, and was thoroughly enjoying the sweet yet sour taste of it.

Apparently it was packed with healthy vitamins, so her drinking it would most likely be safe and infection-free. Swallowing a mouthful of the drink, she sat back and rubbed her stomach. “Ahhhh. Keelah, that was good. Almost as good as Turian brandy, but without the hangover. Let’s see here, output ‘A’ is connecting to input ‘B’, so diverting the power from there to here should reduce the charge of the-“

Tali stopped, unable to finish her analysis. She sat in her chair, squirming and rubbing her legs together. Her groin felt strange, yet she ignored it. “L-Let’s see, then. If input ‘C’ gets connected to output ‘E’, then the percentage of leftover fuel from that could help boost-“ Tali squirmed again, this time more vigorously. As Tali strained to finish reading what was on the screen in front of her, she began to realize what the familiar sensation was: she had a full bladder.

Knowing there was no point in letting herself suffer, she got up and walked as calmly as she could towards the nearest elevator. She had to pee, desperately, but she was a member of the Quarians and wouldn’t forsake her race’s image by running to the bathroom like a child. Instead, she would be a mature woman about it, hold it in, and simply walk to the toilet. It couldn’t possibly be too difficult.

To be continued.

*001*2017-01-18 23:44

I'll add more as I go along. Tell me what you think so far, and please be honest.

*003*2017-08-13 01:02

Tali walked slowly and cautiously through the interior of the Normandy. She kept her head high, determined to hide her predicament from anyone else, and to find a toilet as soon as possible. Tali remembered back at their last trip to the Citadel, she had found herself shopping for extra appliances for her suit, such as reinforced fiber plating, a plate for her mask which she could see better out of, and other such utilities that Quarians would "upgrade" themselves with, or at least make life in their suits more comfortable and tolerable.

Tali remembered that the clerk she was speaking with (another female Quarian) offered her a deal on a popular new device: it was a "very clean, very comfortable" jar-like device which males and females alike could strap to their groins, giving them the ability to relieve themselves and their bladders at any time they wanted. Tali remembered feeling hot and embarrassed hearing this, and quickly declined, not wanting to be seen buying it or having Jack or anyone else find out she was wearing what- for all intents and purposes -was a Quarian 'diaper'. Tali was currently and figuratively kicking herself for not spending the extra credits on it, instead using it for a few rounds of Quasar for fun.

Tali got to an elevator, pressed the button hurriedly, and began humming, looking around and trying to focus on as many dry, solid things as possible. Muttering under her breath, she went through a list. "Okay, um... Sand... Rocks... Air... Dirt..." Tali began to feel the pressure in her bladder numb slightly, and almost got onto the elevator completely relaxed and happy, when Ashley came walking towards her in gym clothes, sweaty and drinking furiously from not one, but two large water bottles. Tali looked over and saw her, and, unable to clamp onto her groin to hold it in, she was forced to watch what followed next. Ashley stood next to her, initiated conversation, and unknownliy tortured Tali until the elevator arrived. And this is how the interaction went...

*007*2017-09-09 03:36

{{On August 19, 2017 at 1:49 PM, Ares said:

Will there be a continuation?

}}

Yep :)

*008*2017-09-09 03:38

{{On August 21, 2017 at 1:26 AM, MassEffectLyfe said:

I'm loving this.

}}

Thank you!

*009*2017-09-09 03:51

Tali wiggled around in place, trying desperately just to focus on the elevator door. Ashley walked up right beside her, and chugged one of her water bottles down fully with a loud, wet swishing noise. Prying the bottle from her lips, she gasped for air, and poured more water from the other bottle onto her forehead. Tali, unable to look away, watched in horror as beads of liquid poured down Ashley's face like a series of tiny waterfalls. Ashley sighed, and turned to the Quarian.

"So, Tali. What's been going on with you?" Before Tali could respond, Ashley rudely interrupted. "Me? I've been working out. Getting ready for ground combat and all that. Gotta keep this body in perfect shape. Gotta keep it hydrated, too. Man, I'm thirsty. You know what I mean? Just a nice, cold drink to fill you right up when you're all worked out?" Tali whimpered, barely able to mutter a "yes" as images of people drinking large quantities of fluid poured into her mind. The elevator seemed to be taking an eternity. Ashley laughed, and began talking more, further torturing Tali and her filled bladder.

"I gotta piss like a racehorse, y'know? Pee real bad. Let loose into the John. Know what I mean? Ah, sorry. Didn't mean to bring that up. Just all excited. All pumped up. 'cause of the exercise. And the pee. In me. But, hey, we can talk about this, right? We're both girls, yeah?" Ashley was talking so fast and giving Tali so little time to think to herself that Tali could barely think of calling Ashley a "stupid bosh'tet", which was the second thing she wanted to do most in the world at that moment right next to getting to a bathroom and peeing herself into a blissful state of relaxation and emptiness.

Suddenly, Tali began to imagine it. Her, in front of a beautiful, shiny toilet. Empty, all to herself. Clear, lush water inside. The shiniest, most silver handle imaginable used to flush it. Oh, the flushing..... She could her it now. Such beauty, such waste-removal. Tali imagined unzipping her suit, sitting her bum on the seat, and releasing her urine into the bowl, flushing her insides out and giving herself such a nice, warm, tingly feeling as every inch of her being shuddered with glee at the ensuing euphoria.... Ahhhhhhh.....

But Ashley slapped Tali on the back, still talking bringing her back into reality before her fantasy finished. Tali wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing: on the one hand, her fantasy had almost made her urinate in her pants. But on the other hand, the fantasy had almost made her urinate and lose all the pain clogged up in her urethra. Tali bit her lower lip, gently bouncing up and down, moaning slightly.

Ashley took no notice of this, and as if some divine force wanted Tali to burst and/or suffer for amusement, Ashley began to list off her favorite sports drinks that were colored yellow and how each one of them made her pee come out in a different tingling, soothing way. When the elevator finally arrived, Tali almost materialized inside of it the second she was able to fit through the doors, and Ashley (thankfully) began walking in the opposite direction, saying something about how she had "forgotten her water bottle" or something like that. Tali didn't care. She was so close. Surely it couldn't get any worse than this, she thought as the elevator went upwards.

*013*2017-09-28 19:32

The elevator began moving upwards, and Tali began breathing in through her nose and out her mouth, trying her hardest to focus on anything else besides her need to pee. She would never drink apple juice for as long as she lived after this. She would never drink ANY liquid after this, not even water, if it meant living without this kind of discomfort ever happening to her again. Tali thought about the toilets on the top deck; how speak and shiny they were, how clean they were, how even a Quarian such as herself could use it, and how good it would feel to just get it all out of her system before flushing it out amongst the stars. Tali found it annoying that the only toilets on the entire ship that was big enough to legally register as a small nation were located on the topmost floor, but that didn't matter. The elevator was working, and before long, she would be in peeing heaven.

However, the elevator only went up one floor before coming to a stop and opening its doors. Tali still had to urinate, and she was still two floors below her destination. "W-What? What? What happened? Go up! GO UP!" A computerized voice responded. "The Normandy elevator has failed mid-function. Please use the stairs." Tali groaned, swearing in Quarian. "Haa'le-it sheeka frajit cathall... What are the odds of this happening to me right now?!" The computerized voice responded. "Exactly one in six million, four hundred-eighty-two thousand, nine-hundred and seventy-eight." Tali sighed, annoyed, and walked out of the elevator dejectedly. She could barely hold it in anymore. But she could still make it. She wouldn't be inconvenienced anymore, she just knew it. After all, what could possibly happen next to make her pee issue any worse than it already was?

Any suggestions? Anything you guys want to see? Should I cut Tali some slack or do you like the mean route of the narrative? Should something sexy happen? Let me know in the comments and maybe I'll include it! :)

*016*2017-09-30 18:48

{{8 hours ago, MassEffectLyfe said:

I vote the mean route.

}}

Anything you'd like to see in particular? Any ideas? :)

$

*020*2017-10-12 03:15

Anyone have any request/ideas for the next chapter? Anything you'd like to see?

