Follow the Rules (Fire Emblem: Three Houses)

Author: InsideVoice

*000*2023-01-01 03:40

Hello again everyone! This is just a random little scenario that popped into my head the other day so I figured I'd write it as a little sendoff to 2022. I hope you enjoy and have a great New Year's Eve and a wonderful start to 2023!

Follow the Rules

The chime of a clock rings through the still air, signaling the lateness of the hour; it has just become one o'clock in the morning. The night is one of silence and serenity, one that casts a spell of calm across these war-torn lands. The silver moonlight that cascades through the nearby window splashes across carpeted floor with an effervescent sheen, the only source of light in the chamber beyond a candle dancing timidly on the desk. The only sound that interrupts the haunting tranquility of the late hour is the gentle scratch of a quill against parchment. It is the same sound that has been echoing throughout the bedchamber for hours now.

Edelgard Von Hresvelg, the pilot of that quill, lets slip a heavy sigh as she dips the quill into the small pot of ink for the umpteenth time. She has been writing these blasted letters for the better part of four hours now. Since becoming the Emperor of Ardestia, she has found herself dealing with all manner of tedious affair that she would rather not waste her time on, these correspondence letters chief among them. Why did she not simply hire a scribe and dictate her responses, or an advisor to respond directly to them instead of herself? She makes a mental note to pursue this line of thinking at a later time.

Her letters will be delivered across the Empire in the coming days so, for the moment, she must simply complete the task at hand, no matter how much disdain she feels towards it. Placing this newly finished letter within its envelope and adorning it with a wax seal, Edelgard stretches, her stiff joints rewarding her with several satisfying snaps. She extends her arms further above her head, arching her back without thinking before hissing in discomfort. A frown creases the Emperor's brow and she shifts in her seat and returns to her previous position..

Edelgard knows she's let her stubbornness get the better of her tonight. When she sat down just after nine o'clock to complete the letters she had been avoiding for days, she made a vow to finish them before she slept. She had wanted to finish her tasks tonight so that she might enjoy the next day with a certain someone. Tomorrow would be a rare day with very little scheduled, so it was a perfect opportunity to reconnect with her old flame after so many years. Soon, however, that vow had transformed from finishing the letters before she slept to finishing the letters before she moved.

As a result, Edelgard is now feeling the effects of staying still at her desk for hours and hours following her dinner. The liquid that she consumed at sunset had made itself known to her body just before eleven o'clock. Now, the Emperor is acutely aware of the fact that her bladder is very full. She finds that if she remains perfectly still, excluding her hand of course, the discomfort is bearable, merely the dullest of aches below her abdomen. Stretching as she just has, however, brings into sharp focus just how intense her need truly is. She has allowed the situation to get out of hand, denying herself the much-needed trip to the lavatories in favor of stubbornly finishing her task.

Edelgard brings her knees together beneath her nightgown and squeezes her thighs tight, a comforting pressure pushing back against her bladder's insistence. She is well aware of the fact that she very much needs relief, and soon, but she only has one letter left to complete. Unwilling to break her workflow, the Emperor retrieves her quill from the ink pot once last time and slides the last piece of parchment across the desk, ignoring the way she has to wiggle in her chair to alleviate the nagging pressure between her legs.

This last letter is, blessedly, an effortless response and Edelgard finishes quickly. Sealing the final envelope and adding it to the stack, she sighs and gazes upon her efforts with satisfaction. Proper responses from the Emperor herself would serve to unify the Empire under a common banner, granting her more political weight and favor. It was a necessary annoyance to further her long-term goals.

Hissing sharply, she is reminded of the weight resting in her lower abdomen and finally decides the time had come to journey to the lavatory before bed. As she rises to her feet, Edelgard feels her body bend at the waist involuntarily as her overfilled bladder struggles to adjust to the change in posture. Her white nightgown bunches around her abdomen as she rests her hands upon her knees, struggling with the sudden pressure. A sharp wave of desperation washes over and she resists the urge to slip a hand between her thighs and squeeze firmly. It would be quite unbecoming of the most powerful woman in the Empire to do such a thing. After several moments of adjusting, Edelgard is able to rise to her full height again, her gown falling properly into place just above her knees once more.

"I really must attend to myself better, this is ridiculous," she mutters to herself, reaching for a nearby lantern. The halls of Garreg Mach Monastery are notoriously dark at this time of night and though she knows the route to the lavatories well enough that she could likely negotiate it in the inky blackness of the night, it is not a risk she is willing to take right now. Every second must be treated as highly important if she is to make it in time to relieve herself properly.

As she approaches the door however, a soft knock sounds from the other side. How odd; who would possibly be awake at this time of night? And someone who wishes to garner her audience? It is not a frantic knock, so it must not be of great urgency. Edelgard grimaces as she has the thought; her bladder is surging with a sense of great urgency whether her visitor has it or not. Deciding she cannot afford to waste another moment, the Emperor hurries to the door and opens it. It only takes one look to register the identity of her guest before her mouth falls open in surprise.

Before her stands Byleth, her longtime Sensei and former lover, returned from an absence of five long years. Edelgard still does not understand what happened to the green-haired woman all that time ago. Following their battle with Rhea and the Church of Seiros, Byleth had simply disappeared. About a week ago, she had reappeared with just as much mystery surrounding her circumstances. It had only taken one look at the woman for Edelgard to know that she still loved her as much as the day she had vanished. But was there a purpose for her visit? Dressed in her bedclothes, no less.

Edelgard suppress the heat that threatens to color her cheeks as her eyes take in her Sensei's figure. She is wearing a loose-fitting white top, one that is entirely modest, but still seems risqué to see her in. Perhaps it is the short sleeves that leave her smooth arms mostly bare for Edelgard's hungry eyes to partake in or perhaps it is the fact that the loose fabric cannot obscure the magnitude of her exquisite breasts. Years ago, Edelgard spent many a content night snuggled against the woman and developed an intense fondness for her chest. It is possible that was a fondness that had always existed though, long before they had ever become intimate.

It is also possible that the small shorts Byleth wore did more to distract Edelgard than anything else. The garment is so short in fact that it leaves very little to the Emperor's imagination, her Sensei's toned, muscular thighs on proud display. She feels a blush finally overtake her cheeks as she gives the woman's body a quick once over. Her lustful thoughts are interrupted suddenly by a shiver of desperation and two important questions: why was Byleth here this late at night and how did she gracefully escape to relieve her aching bladder?

"S-Sensei," she begins, still reeling in surprise at the unannounced visit the object of her affections has paid her. Byleth gives her a serene smile before responding.

"Good evening, Your Highness. I hope I'm not intruding too late?" Edelgard bristles at the title. Of everyone in the Empire, Byleth is the last person she wishes to address her formally.

"Not at all. But I believe I've asked you many times now to simply call me by name. I do not wish for any formality between us, Sensei." Byleth's eyes narrow as a smirk overtakes her lips.

"And yet you still refer to me as 'Sensei.' If you want me to call you by name, I'd love it if you'd do the same for me." Edelgard's blush worsens as she tries to imagine her own voice using the gorgeous woman's given name so casually. It feels foreign to her after thinking of her as her teacher for so long.

A torturous pressure from her bladder pushes all other thoughts from her mind as she bends at the waist again, her daydreaming a thing of the past. "Um, what brings you here this late?" she asks, trying to disguise the urgency in her voice. For some reason, she knows she would feel embarrassed if Byleth discovered her predicament.

"I couldn't sleep and I was thinking about how little time we've had together since my return. I thought maybe I'd visit you here in your chambers and we could spend some time together the way we used to," she explains as if it were the most natural thing in the world. At any other time, Edelgard would be blushing profusely at the prospect of being called upon in her bedchambers. The implications of that were obvious. But tonight, she cannot bring herself to focus on anything other than her extraordinary need for relief. She knows she has to reach the lavatory very soon, even if it means betraying herself to Byleth.

"Um, I'd be more than happy to spend all night talking with you Sensei, but I'm afraid I first have some business I really must attend to." Byleth raises an eyebrow and watches her carefully, those large, analytical eyes dissecting everything about her. Edelgard squirms uncomfortably; it makes her feel naked when Byleth looks at her like that.

"Forgive the question, but what could you possibly have to do this late at night?" It seems that Byleth has not fully keyed into the pressing matter at hand just yet. That or she wants to make Edelgard admit her dilemma. Another vicious contraction squeezes hard her bladder and the Emperor decides she does not have the luxury of being subtle any longer.

"If you must know, I've spent the evening responding to letters and urgently need to visit the lavatory. So if you'll excuse me Sensei," she finishes, stepping towards the threshold of the door. Her eyes widen in shock as Byleth moves her body in front of the exit, blocking her path.

"S-Sensei? What are you doing?" she stammers, suddenly very nervous. She doesn't have that long left until her need overwhelms her.

"Well, you keep calling me Sensei, so that must mean that I'm still your teacher, right? And you know my policy on comfort breaks: no leaving for the first thirty minutes of class. You might miss important information, after all."

Edelgard feels her mind reel. Is Byleth really trying to keep her here on purpose? Why? What does she possibly stand to gain from doing something like this? She catches herself wondering if that really was Byleth's policy back in the day, but quickly shakes the idle thought from her mind. There are far more important things to worry about.

"I…I can't go?" Her voice falters as she questions the woman before her, catching the hint of a glimmer in her eye.

"Not until I've finished my lessons."

"What are you possibly going to teach me in the middle of the night?" Edelgard finds herself incredulous and impatient. Things are getting worse by the second and she really needs to empty her bladder. Whatever this game is does not need to happen right now.

Byleth steps very close to Edelgard, almost pressing her voluptuous form against her, tantalizingly close. Intoxicatingly. She suppresses a shudder as the woman leans in, her mouth nearly against the Emperor's ear. Chills explode down her back as Byleth whispers, "I'm going to teach you how to control yourself, El."

El. The nickname she had used before she vanished five years ago. She still remembers it, even now. The urgency of the situation distracts her from the sweetness of the realization, however, as the Emperor is forced to clamp her thighs together against another wave of need. "You can teach me anything Sensei, just let me run to the lavatory-"

"No." The word is spoken in a gentle whisper but commands her as if she is a marionette bound by her lover's strings.

Edelgard's heart skips a beat before racing in her chest. She feels as if she's been struck by lightning, nervous excitement surging through her scalp and down her shoulders and back. Does she really mean to deny her the relief she so desperately needs? As if reading her thoughts, her dearest Sensei reaches behind her and closes the bedchamber door, fastening the lock and sealing them off from the rest of the world.

She squirms in place, trying not to betray just how badly she needs to go. She feels a fool for allowing herself to even get into this situation to begin with, but nothing can be done about it now. She simply needs to find a way out of her predicament. Part of her can't help but wonder what exactly Byleth has planned, though, as her captor takes her arm and leads her to the ornate bed in the center of the wall.

This grand bedchamber used to belong to Archbishop Rhea, before she showed her true colors to everyone and was forced to abandon the Monastery. After the Empire had seized control of it in the battle that lost them Byleth, Edelgard and the Black Eagles had established a secondary base of operations here, away from the Capital. Hubert had insisted that the former lodgings of the wicked Archbishop be passed down to the Emperor herself. Now, however, the seclusion is a double-edged blade. Edelgard and Byleth will not be interrupted by anyone, but there is no chance that Edelgard will be saved from whatever wicked scheme her Sensei has concocted.

"Sit, darling," Byleth whispers, taking great care to lean close and whisper in her ear, giggling as she feels goosebumps sprout to life all down Eldelgard's bare arms.

The Emperor lowers herself into a sitting position on the edge of the mattress, hissing in discomfort as her abdomen is squeezed by the motion. She can barely keep her thoughts straight with so many warring feelings inside. Her heart is pounding from excitement and fear, her body is pulsing with desire for Byleth, but more than any other feeling, her exhausted bladder screams at her, begging for release. She doesn't know how long she will be able to last like this.

"Sensei…please, I really need to go, badly," she gasps as the sensations start to get the better of her. She hates how weak she sounds. The Emperor should never make sounds like that. She should be commanding the room and all in it. And yet, here she sits, asking Byleth's permission to relieve herself of the hours of pent-up urine trapped within her. But she cannot hope to ignore her lover's desires and commands. She is putty in the woman's hands, a state she cannot resist falling into whenever they are together.

Byleth climbs onto the bed, moving behind her. She snakes her arms underneath Edelgard's and wraps in her a loose hug, very careful not to put any pressure on her bladder. A moment later, she feels the telltale caress of air against her ear as the woman whispers to her again. "No, Your Highness, what you need to do is hold it for me."

Edelgard forgets to draw breath. She feels simultaneously trapped and excited. Her body responds in spite of herself, a feeling of fire igniting within her very core, the very same feeling she used to have when she spent nights with Byleth five years ago. Her bladder spasms a moment later and she squeezes her thighs together tightly, crossing her right leg over her left.

"W-why are you calling me 'Your Highness' again?" she complains, though her tone remains timid and nervous. Byleth simply giggles again.

"Because you keep calling me 'Sensei.' If you'll stop using my title, I'll stop using yours too." Edelgard shifts in discomfort, the ache in her bladder pulsing yet again, forcing her to draw a light gasp. Things are getting worse and worse by the second.

"I…I'll try…B-Byleth." Her face flushes as she squeaks out her real name. So rarely has she ever used it; the sound feels uncomfortable to her ears and awkward on her tongue. A satisfied noise passes between her Sensei's pink lips as she nuzzles Edelgard's cheek with her own.

"That sounds nice. Please, keep using my name like that. If you do, I promise I'll keep calling you 'El.'" She coos the pet-name into the Emperor's ear, causing a tremor of longing to pass along her small frame.

"P-please do. But come now, are you really going to make me wait and beg for the lavatory? I really have needed to go for hours now," she whines, squirming around in an attempt to alleviate her discomfort. She stills immediately as Byleth tightens her arms around her, squeezing just slightly. Her arms are above her stomach, just beneath her chest, but the pressure of her grip frightens her into silence. If her arms were slightly lower there was a good chance Edelgard would not be able to hold back the flood within her if her bladder were compressed even slightly.

"I'm not going to make you beg. You just aren't allowed to go, end of story." Edelgard feels sweat bead on her forehead as the words sink in. Byleth has her in such a compromising position. If she tries to escape, one squeeze will cause her to burst right there. Likewise, if she tries to wait, eventually she will lose control, ultimately meeting the same fate.

"Why are you doing all this? I'm going to lose control no matter what," she whispers, trying her best to stave off the panic she feels setting in. Byleth laughs and places a kiss on her cheek.

"I'm doing this because watching you wait at your most frantic is incredibly gratifying and arousing. I've never been more excited than when you have to hold yourself back." Edelgard blushes fiercely, her cheeks darkening to a shade that rivals her Imperial Gown.

"It's…it's a sexual thing then?" She finds herself nearly at a loss for words. She knows Byleth is unique, but this is quite unexpected.

"Very much so. You never realized?" The woman's gentle question tickles her ear again.

"I can't say that I did, no."

"You didn't notice the way I would hold you in bed in the mornings while you were trying to get up and go?" Edelgard manages to laugh lightly.

"I always thought you were just clingy in the mornings."

"And you've forgotten all those times I filled you up with tea at our weekly lunch dates? I feel a bit guilty to admit I took advantage of you back then. I knew if I kept pouring you drinks that you'd absentmindedly keep finishing them as we chatted. Then when it looked as if you were at your breaking point, I'd regale you with a fantastic tale of my mercenary days. I knew you were far too polite to interrupt my tale and, sure enough, you would suffer through it. Gods, the way you would squirm and shake, El. I'm amazed you never heard the tremors in my voice."

Edelgard is shocked at the revelation, though not angry. How could she ever be angry at her lover? "I do seem to recall a few of our lunch dates ending with me rushing to the lavatories. I had no idea you did it on purpose though."

"I only did it once in a while, when I was feeling particularly pent up. Can you blame me? We were the same age, both dealing with hormones, not to mention the pressures and responsibilities the world threw on us. We all need some relief once in a while. Though, I guess you need a different type of relief, don't you El?"

Edelgard feels her ears heat up in embarrassment now. Her bladder contracts forcefully and she fails to stifle the yelp that forms as if from nowhere. Squeezing down with her right leg, she rubs her thighs over her clothing, eyes darting frantically around the room.

"This reminds me of the way you looked when you made yourself wait during my classes."

"You knew?" Edelgard asks, slightly surprised at her Sensei's awareness of her bodily needs. The woman simply giggles.

"Of course I did. You always tried to remain still and proper but underneath the desk your toes would tap and your leg would bounce incessantly. I would have let you go, you know. Not like tonight," she teases. Edelgard blushes again.

"I know. I felt it would be rude or improper if the heir to the Empire were to leave an instructional environment simply because she needed a comfort break. So I would hold out until the end, no matter how uncomfortable it got."

"Thank you for that; it was always quite the show. I don't know how I managed to give my lectures on those days; I was far too distracted by you, holding back with everything you had and trying to seem nonchalant and composed all the while." A deeper blush steals her cheeks.

Byleth begins to move her arms, releasing Edelgard from the hug she has held her in since they sat down together. She draws her face back slowly and whispers once more into her ear. "You've filled out this nightgown so deliciously, El."

Edelgard squeaks in surprise as Byleth takes her ear between her teeth, nibbling tenderly and causing chills of delight to explode across her body. At the same time, her Sensei's hands reach up and graze her breasts, causing her to tremble. They used to do much more than this, but since Byleth had returned, they had been unable to find a moment alone together. The years have made her body ache for her dearest, but they have also made her feel embarrassed to be handled this way. The more she is rubbed, the better Edelgard starts to feel, and the more her focus slips. Her bladder squeezes painfully, angry that she has refused to heed its calls for relief.

"W-wait…Se- uh, Byleth," she whispers, frantic to pause the situation. Byleth refuses, kneading her chest with firm but delicate fingers.

"What's wrong, El? I've done so much more with you before, you can't be that embarrassed, can you?"

"T-that's not it. When you rub me like this, it feels like I can't concentrate on holding it in," she explains hurriedly. Still, Byleth continues.

"Consider this lesson one, then. How do you enjoy pleasure while still remaining in control of yourself?"

"T-that's not fair!" Her voice sounds particularly childish and whiney now, but she cannot help it. The urgency of the situation is beginning to overwhelm her. Byleth nibbles her ear again and whispers directly into it.

"Who said anything about fair? I just want you to keep all that liquid locked inside your poor little bladder. I never said I'd be helping you." Edelgard blushes again at her Sensei's crass comment. Byleth never struggles to say the things she herself is far too ashamed to utter aloud.

She sighs hotly as Byleth's smart hands work on her breasts, squeezing, kneading, pressing in just the right spots. She hasn't forgotten any of Eldelgard's sensitive spots, even after five years. Her brain feels as though it may melt, the utter satisfaction at feeling her Sensei's hands against her chest again warring against the desperate urgency her bladder throbs with. Another grazing of teeth against her ear causes the Emperor to gasp and moan, her body convulsing just slightly.

"Oh yes, that feels wonderful," she whispers despite herself. Byleth giggles and lowers her mouth, sucking and nibbling her lover's neck in all the right spots. She clearly remembers Edelgard's preferences and finds her favorite locations effortlessly.

"It's been so long since I've heard you moan like that, El. Gods, you're getting me so excited," she manages, her voice muffled by Edelgard's neck.

"I'd help you if I thought I could move without losing control of myself," she admits softly. It is terribly embarrassing for her to admit, but her situation is so bad now that she knows if she lays down in bed with Byleth, the mattress will be soaked in moments.

"It's alright. You just be a good girl and focus on holding it for me, okay? Let me focus on making you feel good." Edelgard feels her entire body heat up at that comment. 'Be a good girl? What is with this woman? And why…is that so attractive…?'

"Take your gown off," Byleth whispers breathily, moving her hands away to allow her to pull the garment over her head. Edelgard blushes profusely and instinctually draws her arms up across her chest.

"I…I-um, I…"

"What, you're not embarrassed are you?"

"It's just…I'm not wearing a brazier underneath this gown…" Byleth giggles again.

"I know, I could feel as much a moment ago. But does that really matter? We've been naked together so many times." Edelgard feels little bursts of pleasure course through her as Byleth returns to nibbling her neck in just the right places. It was true; they used to be quite comfortable being naked together, though it had taken the Emperor quite some time to adjust to the feeling.

"It's been five years since I've been with you B…Byleth. I know it was much faster for you, but I…I just need to adjust to these things again as we get reacquainted."

"Is that a 'no?' I won't pressure you if you're not ready, I promise."

Edelgard pauses for a moment before looking down at the carpet in embarrassment. "Of course it's not a 'no.' Um…you can…take my gown off…"

Byleth's movements are deliberate and delicate, working the fabric out from underneath her and gently inching it up her body, careful to avoid jostling her achingly full bladder. Once the fabric passes over her head, Edelgard is assaulted by the cool air filling the room, now having unmitigated access to her bare chest. In fact, aside from a pair of undergarments that are perhaps a touch too provocative for an Emperor to be wearing, the rest of her body is open to the elements.

She shivers and draws instinctively into Byleth, the sudden cold making her bladder scream in desire. She wants relief so badly. She needs it. Groaning, Edelgard crosses her legs in the opposite direction, rubbing her thighs anxiously with her palms. Noticing this, her lover speaks gently.

"Is it worse because of the cold?"

"Mhm," is all that Edelgard can choke out, far too focused on her bladder, brimming full.

"Gods you are so attractive right now El." Byleth's breath is hot and uneven, coming in bursts against the Emperor's ear. She really is getting quite worked up about the whole situation. "I'm sure you're just dying to let go, but please hold it in for me a little longer. I know you can do it."

"I really don't know how much longer I can," she manages to whine, not caring how childish it makes her sound. A rustling of fabric pricks her ears, but she is far too focused on her dire situation that she cannot figure out what the sound is. Seconds later, the answer is given to her.

Byleth wraps her arms around her, pulling her in close. But Edelgard cannot help the small squeak that escapes her lips. Byleth's voluptuous breasts, bare just like hers, press delightfully against her back. She has not felt this bliss in years and she loses herself to it for an instant, a mistake that proves to be fatal.

A small trickle of urine escapes the iron hold she maintains on her bladder. The organ is so overly full that she is truly amazed she still manages to hold back at all. But that little lapse in focus nearly cost her. Gasping, Edelgard jams her hands between her thighs, squeezing hard until she regains some modicum of control.

"That's it, my love. Hold back, no matter what. You can wait, I know you can last longer than this."

"B-Byleth, I don't want to wet myself here," she manages between labored gasps for air. The woman behind her wraps her in a loose hug again and nestles her head into the crook of Edelgard's neck and shoulder.

"You won't wet yourself."

"I don't think it'll be a matter of choice for much longer, no matter how much you want me to wait. I'm really struggling here!" she pants, her eyes squeezing shut as she tenses every muscle in her body to maintain control.

"Relax El, I won't let you wet yourself. I was never going to. But I won't help you until you can look me in the eyes and tell me you can't last a single second longer. Well? Are you truly at your breaking point? Will you explode right now if I don't intervene?"

Edelgard considers her for a moment. She wants to let this terrible pressure out so much that it consumes every thought. She has been putting off going for hours and the bliss of relief will feel so indescribably wonderful. But…Byleth is enjoying the sight so much. The lovers have not had a night like this in years and it seems a shame to give in so early when her Sensei is so obviously enamored with her struggle. Slowly, she shakes her head.

"N-no. I can still wait." Edelgard feels the air hitch in Byleth's chest before she draws a shaky breath and responds.

"Gods, I want you so badly." Byleth runs her fingers through Edelgard's hair before twisting her hand and pulling lightly, just the way she likes. Her lover forces her head to the side and she kisses her desperately, her tongue forcing itself into the Emperor's mouth. Edelgard is stunned by her aggressiveness. She had always been the one to take the lead in the past, but this is something new. Her desire is so great Edelgard can practically taste it.

Byleth's free hand returns to her chest, rubbing her bare breast gently, her calloused fingers grazing across her nipple. Edelgard moans loudly into Byleth's mouth, clamping down with her legs as her bladder begs for release yet again. She refuses to allow it. Now that she has experienced just how desperately turned on it makes her lover to see her struggle with a full bladder, she wishes to wait as long as possible. A moment later, though, Byleth makes a move that startles Edelgard.

The free hand that has been rubbing her chest takes a dive, inching slowly down her stomach and approaching her lower abdomen with deliberate softness. Edelgard's eyes shoot open and she squeaks, knowing where her lover is heading. Byleth's hand rests gingerly atop her aching bladder but does not press down. She adds no extra pressure to the agonizingly full organ but this does not stop Edelgard from panicking.

She shakes her head and makes frantic little noises, trying to warn Byleth away. If she becomes possessed by excitement and adds even the faintest amount of pressure, her control will be lost immediately. Byleth pulls back, breathing hard and meeting the Emperor's eyes.

"Don't worry El, I'm not going to push on it. I don't want you to burst because of me. I want to see you wait to your absolute limit," she promises, her face flushed and her eyes glazed over with desire. Edelgard cannot help but squirm needily under her touch.

"Byleth, gods I don't think you have any idea how precarious things are right now! If you even so much as rest your palm against me, I think I'll explode." Sweat is beading on her forehead again despite the cold air around her and her breathing is ragged.

"I think I do know. When I brushed against you before I could tell just how full you really are. Your bladder is rock hard, El. I can see it sticking out just below your abdomen. You certainly weren't exaggerating when you said you urgently needed to use the lavatory earlier."

"I told you," she pouts, chewing the inside of her lip anxiously.

"I believed you. I just knew you could wait."

Edelgard watches as Byleth looks her deeply in the eyes, considering her for several long moments. The Emperor takes stock of herself and realizes she must look like a fool. Her legs are crossed and squeezed together so tightly she is almost losing feeling in them. Her entire body is tense, she is sweating from the herculean effort of keeping her undergarments dry, and her breathing is shallow and quick, as if she has just finished partaking in a particularly difficult battle. She realizes now that she cannot draw a full breath; just the act of filling up her lungs entirely strains her bladder and puts so much pressure on it that she feels her control slipping. Her racing mind grinds to a halt when her lover speaks again.

"El…can I touch it? I won't press, but…I really want to feel," she admits, her face glowing red and her breathing quick and nervous. Edelgard finds herself extremely anxious at the prospect. One wrong move and she might just soak the floor.

"I…Byleth…I don't know…"

"I'll be so gentle, I promise. Trust me." Edelgard meets her bright eyes and nods at last.

"Of course I trust you…okay. Please be careful."

Byleth lowers her hand and her palm meets Edelgard's sensitive skin. The motion is gentle and delicate, but even the graze of skin against the bursting organ is enough to cause a miserable ache of need and longing to race through her body, shivers of agony surging down every nerve. Edelgard bites her lip and seizes Byleth's wrist on instinct. She doesn't pull her hand away but relishes the comfort in knowing she has the option if worse comes to worst.

"Oh darling, you're so full. I've been in some battles in the past where I've gotten particularly desperate too, but never like this. How have managed to last this long?" Her eyes are wide and stunned. Edelgard shakes her head, not entirely sure herself.

"I just got lost in my letters. Truthfully, I wanted them done so we could have all day tomorrow together. I guess I got carried away, huh?" She grimaces as her bladder throbs again.

"Perhaps a little. But I'd be lying if I told you I wasn't glad for it."

Edelgard loses herself in Byleth's eyes. She is so gentle and comforting, even when she was playing the strict and dominating role before. Byleth will never hurt her, never betray her. It had all been worth it, waiting those five long years.

The Emperor's thoughts are interrupted as a deep, burning spasm rocks her body. She trembles against her will, the sweat upon her brow worsening. She feels another trickle of urine escape her cast-iron grip and her face reddens. Her poor bladder, exhausted from hours of waiting, is finally giving out. She can feel it.

"Ah! Byleth!" she squeaks, looking at her lover in horror. Byleth looks down and notices the intensity Edelgard is squeezing her thighs with. She can feel Edelgard's bladder pulsing beneath her pale skin. Her whole body is shaking from head to toe.

"Is this your limit, my love?" Edelgard nods frantically.

"Time for lesson two then."

"Lesson two?" she asks, her eyes widening in fear.

"You can always last just a bit longer." Byleth's eyes are half-lidded and her chest heaves with excitement. Edelgard cannot suppress the urges she feels any longer though and twists legs around one another, squeezing with everything she has.

"I can't wait a bit longer!"

"Yes you can. I know you can. Two more minutes, El. Just hold it for two more minutes, okay?" The Emperor is frantic beyond reason.

"Y-you can't be serious! I thought you said you'd help me before I wet myself!" Byleth smiles at her, a devious twinkling in her eye.

"I will. But I also said no comfort breaks for the first thirty minutes of class. I'm afraid it's only been twenty-eight minutes, sweetheart. So you still have to wait for two minutes, okay?"

Edelgard is torn in so many directions. Her bladder aches so badly she almost wants to cry and yet the extreme excitement that seems to have possesses her lover is intoxicating. She cannot get enough of it. Strangely enough, she finds herself quite aroused as well. Is this a result of her Sensei's teasing or of her bladder being so full?

"F-fine. I'll wait. I can make it. I can make it…"

"That's my El. You've already lasted a quarter of the time left. Just hold on. I'm sure you've been in worse situations before, right?" Edelgard feels her trembling body spasm again, and a tiny trickle of urine escapes once more. She feels the ocean within her sitting right at the edge of her body, her control dangerously close to slipping away.

Shaking her head, she finally responds. "I d-don't think so…this is truly the most desperate I think I've ever been in my life…"

"Mm, tell me what it feels like, love…please…"

It isn't lost on Edelgard that Byleth has stopped teasing her physically. The woman wants to see if she can last without distraction. Her bladder is the focus now. She very much wants to live up to her Sensei's expectations. She just has to wait a little longer and then she can let go…right?

"I'm…I feel like I'm walking on a tightrope. If I fall too far to one side or the other, I'll lose it. My body feels hot…if I breathe fully I'll burst. My heart is pouding…gods, Byleth, please let me go! I have to go so badly! I can't take it!"

"Yes you can," she whispers, reassuring the panicking Emperor. "Only one more minute now, El. You're almost there. Hold on tight, okay?"

Edelgard only manages a whimper in response. She is shivering from head to toe, her thighs trembling and shaking as if the very ground beneath her were vibrating. Her bladder pulses again and again, the hours of pent-up urine boiling within her exhausted body fighting to escape. Her control slips again for just an instant and another trickle of urine escapes. She is panicking now. Her control is slowly evaporating right before her very eyes.

"I can't take it anymore, Byleth! This is my limit! I need to go right now!"

"Thirty more seconds, El. Surely you can last thirty more seconds, right?

"I can't!"

"Lesson three: sometimes you just have to hold it in, even when you're bursting and frantic."

"I've been holding it in! I'm…I'm losing it!" A powerful spurt shoots into her undergarments despite her best efforts and she squeals, clamping down with everything she has, her hands grasping between her legs and holding on for dear life.

Finally, Byleth slowly releases her and stands up, kneeling beside the bed and fiddling with a drawer in the nightstand. Edelgard is curious what she might be doing but cannot focus on anything but the impending flood. She is truly seconds away from losing all control.

When Byleth turns back, she holds in her hands a large chamber pot. Edelgard is shocked. "How long has that been there? I had no idea something like that existed in this room!" she manages to squeak. Byleth shakes her head.

"I'll explain later. For now, this is how you're going to get your relief. As long as you don't mind going in front of me," she teases. Edelgard blushes hard but cannot find it within her to care.

"I don't have a choice! I'll never make it to the lavatory in this state!" Edelgard reaches for the chamber pot, but Byleth pulls it away. The Emperor's eyes widen in panic as another trickle escapes, this one beginning to snake down her leg.

"Byleth, please!"

"Ten seconds, darling."

Ten. She shakes incessantly from head to toe.

Nine. Byleth watches with half-lidded eyes, breathing hard.

Eight. Edelgard whimpers and whines despite herself.

Seven. Her Sensei gets the chamber pot ready, just in case.

Six. The Emperor squeezes with everything she has, jamming her fingers between her legs.

Five. She feels the pressure begin to overwhelm her.

Four. Another powerful spurt bursts into her undergarments.

Three. She feels the flood right at the edge, her control slipping.

Two. Her heart begins to race as she feels herself about to lose control.

One. She clamps down with everything she has one last time. She is so close.

Zero. "Okay, my love. It's been thirty minutes exactly."

Edelgard reaches for the chamber pot frantically, but Byleth again denies her, a devilish grin on her face. "But is this truly your limit? Look me in the eyes and tell me you'll burst if you have to wait a single second longer." The glaze of lust clouds her eyes again and Edelgard knows she has to say it.

"I can't wait another moment, Byleth! It's either in that pot or on the carpet, right now!" Byleth seizes the opportunity to tease her one more time.

"My, how unbecoming of our Emperor to say such a thing. But look, you managed to last another moment and you didn't explode yet! Are you sure you don't have a little longer in you?"

"Sensei!"

"Back to 'Sensei,' huh? Okay, okay, I've teased you long enough." Byleth offers her the chamber pot at long last and Edelgard seizes it, already yanking her undergarments down with her other hand. A tiny trickle again forces itself out, running down her leg and sending her into complete panic. She feels the liquid right at the very edge, threatening to escape before she finishes readying herself. Luckily, she manages to straddle the basin just in time, collapsing to her knees as urine erupts from her body.

Edelgard sighs heavily and relaxes for the first time in hours. The hot urine exploding from her body splashes noisily into the basin between her thighs. The unbridled bliss of her release is intoxicating. She can quite literally feel her bladder beginning to slowly deflate, the bulge in her lower abdomen lessening with every few seconds. She has been holding so much for so long and is finally experiencing the relief she so desperately needed.

Somewhere along the way, she becomes acutely aware of the fact that her powerful stream is causing her to feel incredibly good, almost as if she were being brought to orgasm by a familiar green-haired succubus. Despite herself, Edelgard moans loudly. "Gods, this feels so good. I could almost climax from this."

Suddenly, she feels a familiar set of hands snake under her arms and begin to rub her breasts again, kneading delightfully as they squeeze her nipples. Edelgard squeaks loudly, her stream halting for just a second, and feels Byleth press her bare chest against her back.

"That can be arranged, El; I had no idea it would feel that good. Let me help." Edelgard cannot manage to form words as too many wonderful sensations overwhelm her. Her bladder begins to empty again, her stream loud and strong. Byleth's determined hands work her breasts, more specifically the sensitive nubs in their centers, eager to bring her over the edge. Finally, when she feels her body building with the burning need to finish, Byleth takes her ear and licks it tantalizingly. That did the trick.

Edelgard moans without any care for how loud she is as she climaxes hard. Her body shakes and convulses, her stream sputtering but never fully stopping. Byleth continues to push her further and further, squeezing Edelgard's chest delightfully and rubbing her own breasts against her. Her Sensei sucks on her ear and nibbles until her orgasm and her stream are finally finished.

Edelgard is breathing heavily, thoroughly spent from the overwhelming relief and satisfaction she just experienced. She has never imagined it possible to climax while urinating before. It is a strange, foreign feeling, and yet her body feels so wholly fulfilled that she cannot imagine anything ever feeling better. Slowly, she becomes aware that Byleth is not pressed against her any longer. Turning her head, she blushes as she sees the woman tossing her sleeping shorts to the ground, lying fully naked on the bed.

"Come here right now. I need you so badly."

Edelgard smirks; Byleth is usually much more composed than this but seeing her display has clearly done a number on her. Discarding her damp undergarments, the Emperor enters the bed, lying atop her lover and kissing her aggressively. Byleth is mewling and grinding against her leg, so desperate to climax herself. Edelgard lowers her mouth and begins to suck on her exquisite breasts, delighting in the whimpers and gasps of need she elicits.

"Oh gods, El, please make me finish..."

Edelgard laughs lightly. "My, my, you're so needy Byleth. Well, mine felt better than anything I've ever experienced before, so I suppose I can make sure you feel good too as a thank you."

Edelgard lowers her head between her lover's legs and begins to lick and suck delightfully. Byleth seizes her head and forces her in deeper. "El!"

It only takes seconds for Byleth to climax harder than she ever has in her entire life.

Fin

