How it feels wetting in Ballet clothes

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-18 05:52

Behind the stage, you feel hotter than the Sun. Feeling the undersized ballet skirt, press tightly against your skinny waist, causing more unwanted strain to build on your bladder. Hearing all the other girls talk, you firmly press an arm against your lower abdomen, while wiping the sweat of your brow with the other.

Squeezing your legs tightly, your crotch is far out of reach, hidden away due to the size of the tutu. Your ears catch the faint snickering of girls, watching your helplessness, but the prison around your body makes everything a challenge. But as a tall woman wearing similar clothes walks in, she tells everyone to gather round.

You shuffle awkwardly to the adult, moving like a constipated penguin. enthusiastic chatter can be heard, but your focus is elsewhere. The woman claps loudly, gesturing the group to follow her onto the lit stage. The presence of the clap rings in your ear, as a small tinkle, peers its way into the light of your leotard.

Watching as the other girls skip into the spotlight like rabbits. You know that your time is soon. The crowd claps excessively as the girls bow, greeting their guests with pride. The woman signals you to the stage, like a lamb to he slaughter, you have no clue what's going to happen... Breathing in, you spin majestically onto the stage as the show begins.

Feeling the weight on your bladder tear your muscles apart, prying the way to freedom. Little cries sound from you, feeling the immeasurable torment press against your body hard. Lifting your leg to do an attitude, you know you've made a great error, frozen completely and gasping for breath, you struggle to hold on.

Your bodily contents jerk, swishing around violently inside your bladder, before gushing out like a waterfall. A large wet-spot grows on your costume, streaming out like a hose, dripping down your legs and onto the floor. Deep relief follows as tears fall down your cheeks, knowing that the entire world is watching, you run into the darkness of the backstage changing rooms, hoping for this nightmare to end...

