The slave market – pt 1 – background

Author: i like wet bikinis

*000*2018-09-15 17:26

[This is the full introduction. If too long, try the summary here: [link &&]

Luke was impatient for us to leave the house. He’d also been round yesterday to tell me that the slavers’ market had fresh wares. The auction of nubiles was set for tomorrow afternoon, and so viewing was due to start this morning. As city senators’ sons, he and I would be treated with deference and respect. We would exercise our privilege to inspect the stock at the private viewing. The merchants wouldn’t know that we weren’t seriously intending to buy. They would answer our questions and display their goods to us. We were only interested in looking at the nubiles, and just perhaps, if we were very impressed, we might place a bid or two tomorrow.

I finished my drink and snapped my fingers for my toga. Now I was ready, and Luke strode eagerly to the front door. We headed towards the market. To slow him down, I asked for information about the merchandise. I thought it undignified to appear to rush to business.

As expected, Luke had found out a great deal from the merchants. Across all categories, there were nearly five hundred slaves going into the market. Seventy-two were nubiles; young women of breeding age, but without children. Most of them were peasant girls, but about a dozen were educated, and seven were warriors. All of them were expected to sell for gold. Luke was particularly excited when he told me that. He didn’t need to explain it to me. The bids for nubiles reached the value of gold when they were healthy and pretty. People such as Luke and I, and our parents, enjoy keeping pretty slave girls around the house to do our bidding.

The merchants had been busy over the last few days and the large market square was transformed. Across the middle was a stage, under a canvas awning, like a ship’s sail, to keep the sun off. In front of it, wooden benches, also under canvas, for the gentry. Other merchants were allowed to stand behind that, from where they too could bid at the auction. Behind that, the general public would stand and gawp.

But there was nothing to see on the stage today. That would come, when the auction started. Luke and I were going backstage today for the viewing. The rest of the market square was surrounded by a tall canvas screen running continuously from one side of stage, around the square to the other side, and was roofed with numerous canvas peaks. In effect, half the square was now under a huge white tent. The city guard were on duty at the three entrances.

@@Luckily for them, they recognised us as we approached the private entrance and stood to attention to allow us passage. We felt the envious eyes of the small crowd outside, who would be denied access all morning. We halted as we came inside, to allow our eyes to adjust from the bright sunshine outside. One of the merchants, Simon Secundus, bustled up to us, with cups of honey-sweetened tea. It turned out that we were the day’s first visitors. He showed us to a comfortable bench and told us how the market was arranged. He started by explaining that not all the viewing areas were ready and some of them might not be until late morning. Broadly, within the tent there was a private stock area, and a public viewing area. The stock was being prepared and moved into the viewing area. We would be the first to be allowed into the viewing area. There were auctions on different days for different classes of slaves; men, and women and children. The men were divided into scholars, warriors, and labourers. The women were divided into nubiles and mothers with children. Within the men there were further age categories and within the women there were divisions according to their background. We were interested only in the nubiles, of course. They were sorted into peasants, house girls, warriors, and scholars. Simon was enthusiastic about the quality of the slaves on offer, they were the best batch he had ever had on his premises, many callipygian and bathykolpian.

@@Luke and I were getting impatient. We knew most of that. We knew Simon well. His father had been one of my father’s slaves. He’d run the market for my father, who had granted him a lease of it when he freed him. Simon was the second generation in that business and my father was still his landlord. So that was all just polite conversation. We wanted to see the girls. Fortunately, a factotum emerged from a corridor and whispered in the merchant’s ear. Simon beamed at us, stood up and invited us to follow him to the nubiles’ hall. Fine carpets were draped on either side to make the walls appear substantial, and he led us to a junction and then down another, similar corridor, with pale-toned carpets on either side. The corridor opened into a large hall, filled with numerous cages, each the size of a small room and raised above ground level. The cages’ floors were about waist high from the ground. Eunuchs guarded each cage and each cage contained half a dozen unclothed, pretty females. Twelve cages in total, arranged in three rows of four. We waved Simon away to tour the hall by ourselves. Inside my toga my cock hardened and rose.

Continue to part 2 [link]...

*003*2018-09-16 17:44

{{15 hours ago, Weasel said:

Okay, now you're just showing off.

*grin*

Callipygian I knew. Bathykolpian... I think I could take a guess.

}}

Callipygian is one of my favourite words. I can't often get away with using it though. I had to look for bathykolpian. It carries an implication of voluminous boobies (and I prefer smaller ones) when callipygian simply says 'nice arse' (and again, I prefer smaller ones).

{{7 hours ago, ILoveOmorashi said:

Nice story so far!

Hopefully the rest will have wetting as well.

}}

Yes, if you can accept the concept of naked wetting. The maiden slaves are disrobed for the viewing, all day. Unless they choose to pee (and many of them cannot deal with the shame of that), they will wet themselves.

*005*2018-09-17 19:21

{{20 hours ago, ILoveOmorashi said:

I see what you mean.

But I would assume that they'd be wearing clothes after being purchased by another master and have limited opportunities to relieve themselves.

}}

Thank you. That's actually a very helpful observation. I think you're right. Let's see!

