Three Cups of Coffee

Author: idkbutilikeomo

*000*2019-05-18 12:54

I make my way home and hear my footsteps clicking against the pavement. Although the streets are empty, I'm too embarrassed to show how badly I need to pee so I try to walk as steadily as possible. Why did my dumbass decide to drink three cups of coffee again? I look around to the running hoses of the houses. Ugh, this isn't helping. I try to walk faster, on the verge of pissing myself completely. One of my neighbors passes by me. "Hey, girl," she says as she walked her dog. I smile at her. I'm not in the mood to talk.

Okay, I'm almost there. It's fine, we're fine. I feel a leak on my underwear. YEP, WE ARE NOT FINE. I start practically jogging to my house. Keep it together, keep it together, keep it together. I bend down in desperation, I don't even care if anybody is looking. I see my house in the distance and run to it. I grab my key from my pocket and shove it in. Come on, just workkkkk. I let out a moan and try again. For the love of god, will this dumbass key just-FINALLY. The door opens. I enter and slam the door shut. I dump all my shit on the floor and start running up the stairs. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

At this point, I could literally pee in a cup, anything, I don't care. I'm not too far from the bathroom, but my desperation makes that small distance, a mile. I bend down in desperation, and get back up, come on. I squeeze my thighs together in pain. I could feel my urine dripping down. Bitch, stawpppp. The top of my pants are wet and I try to keep it together. I saw the bathroom there in front of me and I don't know what it was, but I lost it. Ah, shit.

Was it because I knew I was so close? Was it just too late? Why is this happening when I'm an adult? I just lost it. The wetness makes its way to my knees then onto the floor. I look down to the mess I created right outside the door. What am I doing? I enter the bathroom still peeing. It's useless to remove my pants they are already soaked. I throw my self onto the toilet and just pee, leaving a trail of yellow from the door to the toilet. My eyes close in relief and I just enjoy the feeling. I remove the pants and head to my bedroom to have some fun, cleaned up the pee, and showered.

*I know this was short and bad but I jus wanted to write smm*

