I'm going

Author: ifeelgood

*000*2020-05-27 11:28

In a hopefully near future:

It was a beautiful day. Not only was the weather amazing, it had also been the first day in ages with a normal work schedule. Typically, Liz was not the biggest fan of Mondays but an eternity of home office made her crave for a normal day at the lab she was working at. The anti-corona-restrictions were finally eased starting this week. All shops and businesses were open again and Liz hoped that everything would go back to normal from now on. She had been laying in the gras at the near by lake reading her new book since her shift was over.

Reading has always been a big hobby of Liz but during the mostly boring time of social distancing it had advanced to new dimensions. She grabbed her gym bottle to take a sip but then realized that it was already empty. "HUh?!", she thought surprised. This >2 L-monster of a bottle usually lasted her the hole day and she remembered filling it all the way up just before leaving work about four hours ago. But today she had been more physically and mentally active and more productive than probably the hole last week combined. It seemed like her body was demanding more "fuel".

"Well, makes sense ", Liz said to herself and went on reading. About 15 min later the alarm she wisely had set in case she would forget the time went off. "Reading can make you lose track of all the real world stuff, I guess." She packed all her stuff in her backpack, picked up her bike and went off to the city.

It was already past eight but it was still warm enough for her to comfortably ride without a jacket. The wind was playing with the hem of her knee-long dress she really liked, and Liz was in an awesome mood. Even though it had been a long day she was feeling energized and happy. Her plan was to head home just to grab something to eat and then go the gym which was finally open again, too! But when she had to stop at a red light, an advertisement caught her eye. Instead of following the street further into the city, Liz took a left and came to a hold in front of "Lin´s Temple of inner Peace". The advertisement that sparked her curiosity earlier stated:

"We´re back!

Choose your favorite massage to leave the Corona-Stress behind.

Discounts await!"

In all of the 29 years of her life Liz never had a professional massage. She was definitely curious. This could be the opportunity to turn a great day into a truly special day. Usually Liz was not of the spontaneous type but usually she didn´t enjoy Mondays either. It just wasn´t a usual day today. All the possibilities that were limited during lock down were now back to embrace. "Nothing to lose, let´s go!" She locked her bike at a lantern close by and walked to the entry of the massage salon. But the door was already locked. Liz was about to go back to her bike when she saw a young woman with blond hair about her size walk into the reception room through the door window. She waved to Liz, grabbed the keys and opened up.

"Good evening, how can I help you?"

"Hello, uhm. I wanted to get a massage but I see it is already past closing time. Sorry, I didn´t want to disturb you," Liz answered.

"You know what, you can come in if you want. The past months were pretty tough, we almost went out of business and we are literally thankful for every single customer."

"Please don´t put yourself to any bother on my account, really. I assume it was a very busy day for you and I can.."

The blond woman smiled and invitingly opened the door wide.

"No worries, today´s your lucky day. I mostly managed appointments and stuff while my boss did all the massages today. We only have one massage room. She is home now and I am just preparing everything for tomorrow. I am almost eager to get a massage in since it has been so long, to be honest. So feel free to come in. I´m Jess by the way."

Liz felt some sympathy for the bubbly masseuse. She seemed so happy to finally be able again to pursue her job she obviously really liked. She assumed Jess to be at least five years younger than herself. Jess was quiet attractive standing there in a black top and leggings smiling and looking at her in anticipation. Liz didn´t want to ruin this nice girl´s evening and also wanted to try out a massage.

"Thank you so much", Liz said and entered.

"You´re so welcome! Just give me two minutes to get the ambience right in the massage room. Take a seat, I will be back in a sec!"

Jess rushed of. "She is more excited to give a massage than I am to get one", Liz thought in amusement and sat down to read a flyer with massage info. But as she sat down the most immediate info did not come from the flyer but from her bladder. She needed a wee. She stood up and walked through a dark red curtain into a small corridor were Jess disappeared earlier. To her right she discovered a door with 'WC' on it, entered and locked the door. It wasn´t just a WC but a tidy proper bathroom. She pulled down her panties, gathered her dress and sat on the toilet. The last time she went had been at work shortly before leaving. With all the water she had drunk since then it was no wonder she had to go. So she peed and it was lots.

The sheer amount made Liz ask herself how she didn´t realize any urge earlier. Maybe it was because at the lake she had been so distracted by her book and the few minutes on the bike had been too short of a time to pick up on the need. When she was done with her business Liz left the toilet and went back into the reception room. Jess was not back yet so Liz picked up the flyer again and started reading. It had an overview for all kinds of different types of massages offered there. Liz read through the descriptions but was undecided. The flyer also stated that it was important to go into a massage relaxed – "Well, I sure am now" – and well hydrated. Liz decided that since it had been a warm day, she could definitely use a glass of water or two. Fortunately, there was a water dispenser right next to the reception. Liz was finishing her fourth cup when Jess returned.

"Sorry, that took a little longer than expected. We´re all set now! Ah, I hope the water is not too warm yet, I already had unplugged the machine, sorry about that."

"Still nice and cold", Liz replied.

"Ah, good. And have you decided what kind of massage you want?"

"Well, I´m quite clueless when it comes to massages because I never had one."

"Hmm, I see", Jess said. "In that case I would suggest our classic full body massage where every body part gets some attention so you feel relaxed from head to toe afterwards. It is my personal favorite and it is also great value. It takes over one hour. Or do you not have so much time?"

"That´s not an issue for me but uuhm… I have another question. From what I learnt from this flyer you are typically naked during a massage. I have to admit I´m kind of shy."

The last time Liz got butt-naked in front of someone seemed ages ago. And it hadn´t been in front of a stranger also.

"Don´t you worry, you will be lying on your front most of the time I will always keep your lower private parts covered with a towel anyway. If you feel more comfy that way you can always just keep your underwear on. In the end this is about you enjoying and relaxing. I do recommend removing the bra though, so nothing is in the way on your back", Jess replied calmly and professionally.

"Well, a full body massage sounds good then. I´m excited!"

"Excellent choice. Don´t worry about the payment now, we can just handle it afterwards. If you go through the curtain the massage room is just straight ahead and there is a toilet to the right. Feel free to get comfortable on the massage table and relax. Everything is prepared and I will follow you in a moment."

Liz nodded and went through the corridor and entered the massage room. The atmosphere was beautiful. The room had some plants and Zen garden elements, the temperature was warm but not hot and it was not too humid. There was a decent scent that reminded Liz of a forest. She stepped out of her sandals, pulled her dress over her head and undid her bra. She hesitated for a second. "Maybe it would make a neater impression if I had a turbo shower and went fully naked?" She checked her light blue satin fullbacks. No concerns there and Jess also had assured her that it would not be a problem, so Liz decided to keep her panties on. She climbed on the table and laid down on her stomach with her face in the cavity for the head. Just laying there with her eyes shut and listening to the calming music in the background already had a relaxing effect on Liz. She felt like she was slowly sinking down more and more into the cushioning of the table. She almost didn´t notice Jess coming in.

"Is everything all right? Ready to start?"

Liz answered yes. Jess put a towel over her lower body and explained:

"I will start working on your upper back, neck and shoulders. If the pressure is to soft or to hard, if you feel any discomfort or pain or if there is just something you just don´t like, please tell me. It is your first massage and I want to make it a good one. This is done the easiest if you help me by communicating. Other than that, just enjoy!"

The next thing Liz felt were Jess´s warm hands rubbing oil over her back in gentle and fluid motions. After only a few moments of Jess massaging her neck and shoulders Liz knew that she would be able to fully relax for the next hour. Jess was in charge now and there was nothing for her to do except receive and enjoy. Jess´s firm grip and her soft voice had already built all the necessary trust.

"Is the pressure ok?"

"Yeah, very pleasant", Liz whispered back.

Jess´s hands were stronger than Liz had thought from first glance. The time seemed to slow down for her while Jess massaged her upper back alternating between spreading motions and kneading techniques. Her breath became slow and deep and Liz was sinking more and more into relaxation. For her, it was similar to the moment just before you fall asleep in your cozy bed after a fulfilled day but better. Thoughts came and went. There was no harm here, she was protected. Only good vibes.

Liz dozed while Jess was practicing her craft. Liz hadn´t quite noticed the transition but she realized that Jess was now massaging her feet and her back was covered under a towel. She couldn´t tell how long she had been laying on the table at this point. There was this feeling. Very familiar and yet different. Owing Liz´s current state of mind it was not at all unpleasant. "Communication is key", Liz remembered Jess emphasizing at the start and thus mumbled:

"I need to pee."

Jess was running her thumbs over the soles of Liz´s foot, slowly came to a halt and rested her palms on Liz´s calves.

"Well, we´re just about halfway through. I recommend having a short break then. No problem. What do you think?", Jess asked softly.

Liz was not fully awake but understood Jess´s words.

"Noou", she mumbled.

All she was craving in that moment were more rubs and strokes, more physical attention to her body. And unlike in previous scenarios where such a pressure level in her bladder had made her desperate, it didn´t really bother her now. From all the emotions, thoughts and sensations Liz only allowed the positives to affect her.

"Uhm, so do you want me to continue?"

"Oh yeah.."

Liz audibly exhaled when Jess slowly went on with the massage now working her left leg.

"This is pure bliss, really", Liz said.

"I´m glad you like it."

The massage went on and Liz subconsciously felt Jess´s hands, sometimes only fingers, pressing and gripping and stroking. She couldn´t help but moan from time to time not from pain but from enjoyment. She felt so safe that she started to slide away again. A soft voice called her back. Something had changed. The warm hands were on her back again, just resting. It was Jess´s voice:

"We´re done with arms and hands. That finishes up the first cycle of the routine. If you can recall a special technique from before you want me to repeat or have a specific body part in mind you want me to lay a focus on, please just tell me. If not, I will continue with some more attention to your back, maybe some deeper work. And then feet again."

Arms and hands? Liz couldn´t remember that part but feeling into them, her arms and hands were absolutely smooth and felt light.

"Sss perfect", Liz whispered.

For a few moments Liz enjoyed it to actively track Jess´s tough on her back. "Between my shoulder blades… nice and deep… going down slowly, uhhuuh almost butt." She smiled. But Liz couldn´t focus for too long, her face fully relaxed again and she felt like sinking another half a centimeter into the towels. While the massage was not sexual in any way, Jess hadn´t said a thing in this regard and the situation was vastly different from her masturbating as there was not this tension in her body, Liz found herself turned on. She didn´t ponder about this and also didn´t judge. She just observed and enjoyed. The same with this other feeling, her fullness. Again, Liz lost her sense of time.

"I have to pee."

Liz said this in a hushed tone as if she was talking to herself not really expecting an answer.

"You still have a good 15 minutes left. You can go to the toilet and then hop back on."

Jess already had pulled the towel from Liz´s lower body over her back, so that she could cover her breast when sitting up. But Liz said:

"Noou, don´t wanna get up."

"So, you want me to go on?"

There was a bit of confusion in Jess´s voice.

"Yes, please", Liz mumbled.

"Do you want to turn around and lay on your back? Or I could slide a rolled towel under your hips to take some pressure of that critical area", Jess suggested.

Liz just lifted her butt a few inches from the table and seconds later felt a soft rolled-up towel slip in between her lap and the massage table. Jess asked:

"Are you comfy? Are you sure you want me to go on?"

"Yes, please."

Jess left Liz´s upper body covered and started working her feet. She treated the right ankle joint carefully moving Liz´s foot from flexed to stretched position and back, then switching to the left one. Then Jess´s thumbs were stroking her sole again in circular motion. Then some rounds of pressing, holding and relaxing at some specific points. While Jess repeated this, Liz not only felt the tough at her feet but there were responses all over her body. At one point she felt light as if she was floating and only moments later found herself very connected with the table again.

Despite having her eyes closed Liz became much more aware of her surroundings. Her breath was going slowly and deeply. The music went from blurred back round sound to acoustical stimulation with elements to explore like the slow and gentle melody of a panpipe or waves breaking in the distance. Without a particular intention Liz observed and embraced all the sensations coming down on her. Her bladder was full. She experienced a flow of clarity going through her mind. Liz was suddenly certain that if she would pee now it would only add to her relaxation. There was a rolled-up towel just underneath her, no harm would be done. Surely her masseuse Jess had put it there solely for this purpose. Without any hesitation Liz let loose.

"I´m going."

Liz heard her own voice as if somebody else was talking. She could feel herself emptying and her pussy getting wet and warm at the same time. There was some mild hissing. Jess was still stroking her feet, alternating from one to the other. Liz quietly moaned. She felt good. Happy. Sheltered. Finally, her well slowly ebbed away. A few last dribbles then she was done. Liz didn´t try to reclaim control but just lay there with every muscle in her body totally relaxed. So, she occasionally leaked through her panties into the towel while Jess finished the massage. Liz didn´t mind. Only good vibes.

After what must have been about 15 minutes but to Liz felt way longer the massage came to an end and Jess softly said:

"All right, we´re slowly coming to an end here. I hope you enjoyed. I will leave now. You can relax for another moment or two and then meet me at the reception. Take your time."

"Gotcha."

After Jess had left Liz started to move her arms and legs slowly coming back to normal. She sat up on the table and after a few seconds got on her feet. "Well, that was something to do", she thought to herself. She was a bit exhausted but her body felt great and her skin was oh-so-smooth. She felt like she had just lost ten pounds. With a big smile on her face she stretched with her arms over her head. Her wet panties were now a bit cold and were clinging to her private parts.

She had peed in them. During her massage.

Thinking about it now, Liz could feel blood stream to her face in a wave of embarrassment. The last time Liz had wet herself she had been in Kindergarten. She pulled her panties down to her knees. They were visibly drenched and not only at the front. The wetness had made its way a fair distance over the bottom as well. Jess must have noticed, there was no way she wouldn´t have. But Liz´s embarrassment couldn´t prevail for long because of the deep relaxation she just had experienced. "It has happened, nothing to do about it now", Liz thought and stepped out of her panties. She put on her bra and dress, stepped into her sandals, grabbed her backpack from the chair she had placed her stuff on and left. Before stepping through the curtain into the reception room Liz took a deep breath. But there was no use in delaying it. Also Jess politely hadn´t commented on the incident during the massage and, to Liz, came across as an overall nice person.

"Ah, there you are already."

Jess was sitting behind the reception.

"Listen, I want to apologize. I don´t even know…"

"Hey, don´t worry about it too much. Nothing a quick rinse couldn´t fix. So, don´t shame yourself! I certainly won´t. Stuff can happen, you know. Hopefully you still enjoyed the massage."

"Very much. Thank you. And thank you for being so kind", Liz replied relieved.

Liz payed for the massage and gave a generous tip. She had to persuade Jess to keep it. The young masseuse finally smiled and accepted.

"Well, thank you very much. Have a great week and maybe till next time!"

"Yeah, maybe. You too. Goodbye!", Liz said.

Then she left. She unlocked her bike and got ready to go. It was just before sunset. There was barely any traffic. Birds were singing. She crossed the street, got on her bike and started pedaling. Only when she felt the pleasant sensation of sitting down on her leather saddle which was almost hot from the last sunrays of the day Liz realized that she had forgotten her panties in the massage room.

Her wet pissy panties.

There again was a short wave of embarrassment but her inner peace very quickly returned. There was no going back now.

"What a day", Liz thought to herself.

The End

*001*2020-05-28 16:13

This is a little spin-off of the story. This time it is told from Jess´s perspective. There is not much intro but hopefully the original story provides enough context.

Just about ten minutes left. Jess´s hands and forearms surely could use a break. She wasn´t in shape like she used to be before the virus-induced interruption and had to become used to doing her job again. While massaging her client´s feet she though that the woman in front of her was certainly anticipating the end of the massage even more. Her client didn´t make the impression to be desperate at all but she had mentioned twice already that she needed to wee but had refused to take a break. "Maybe I´m doing a good job then", Jess thought to herself. It was her first and her last massage for the day and at the same time the first massage in ages. And she was happy that it was obviously enjoyed. She focused on the massage again and a few moments passed. Jess heard the voice of her client.

"I´m going."

Jess´s heart skipped a beat. Her eyes unpreventably found her clients crotch. While a big massage towel hid the lower and upper back up to the neck of her client, her butt – slightly elevated and covered by light blue satin fullback panties – almost proudly presented itself. Jess was shocked as she heard a distinct noise and saw a wet patch form and grow and grow. What a surreal scenario! Her client, a woman of maybe 30 years and drop-dead gorgeous, lay in front of her totally relaxed and peed herself without trying to hide it or to hold back. Jess couldn´t believe it and almost forgot to go on with the foot rubs. And yet there she was with her stream still going. Jess could feel her face getting bright red.

Something like this had never happened before in her 4-year-career as a masseuse. She was somehow getting aroused but also felt embarrassed and ashamed for her client. Wild thoughts were running through Jess´s brain: "Wow, no way! What is happening?! Was this me? Is this my fault? Did I put her in this… state?" Jess knew that reflexology can have an impact on body functions. But her knowledge about it was limited and surely even if she wanted to she could never induce… and accident. She decided to not say a word and remain as professional as possible. Her eyes were still fixed on the glistening fabric between the slightly opened legs of her client. Her panties were soaked, the rolled-up towel underneath her was soaked and the flow was still going. Jess only managed to look away when the hissing sound had subsided entirely. "I wonder how it feels like, she seems to not mind it at all."

She had to think about Tim, her boyfriend of about one year. Two months back they had talked about their fetishes and he had confessed that he was into watersports. Since then she had allowed him to watch her pee from time to time because she new he enjoyed it. But to this point she had not dared to indulge any further despite Tim´s requests. They had a fulfilling sex life, nevertheless. Jess started to fantasize. The recent happenings truly had turned her on. Maybe if she told Tim this experience it could lead to some… fun. She smiled at the thought.

Checking the time told Jess that she was long overdue. She went for a last round of techniques to finish of the massage. Her client had not said a word in the meantime.

"All right, we´re slowly coming to an end here. I hope you enjoyed. I will leave now. You can relax for another moment or two and then meet me at the reception. Take your time."

"Gotcha."

Jess quietly left the massage room and went through the little corridor to the reception. She wanted to call Tim. They had talked earlier, just after Jess had let her "after-hour" client enter, so he knew that she would be late.

"Hey baby, how are you", Tim picked up the phone.

Jess wanted to play it cool and also didn´t have too much time to talk. She had to control herself not to hint something right away. That would have been a mean tease.

"Hey Tim. I´m still at work but will be on my way shortly."

"Perfect, dinner will be ready. Love you!"

"Love you, bye!"

Tim had lost a bet the week before and had promised to cock her favorite dinner. "Such a sweety." After ending the call Jess contemplated how to speed her client on her way with as little awkwardness as possible. She found herself blushing a little bit again. "The poor thing. Hopefully, her very first massage experience was not ruined." A moment later her client appeared.

"Listen, I want to apologize. I don´t even know…"

"Hey, don´t worry about it too much. Nothing a quick rinse couldn´t fix. So, don´t shame yourself! I certainly won´t. Stuff can happen, you know. Hopefully you still enjoyed the massage."

"Very much. Thank you. And thank you for being so kind", the young woman replied relieved to Jess putting money on the counter.

"This is way too much, I can´t take it. But thanks for the offer."

"Please", her client replied.

"You opened up late just for me. And I, uhm.. caused.."

Jess didn´t want to force her to talk about her wet accident and expose her. So, she quickly intervened:

"It´s fine, it´s fine. I´ll take it."

"It´s the least I can do."

Finally, Jess took her pay and her tip.

"Well, thank you very much. Have a great week and maybe till next time!"

"Yeah, maybe. You too. Goodbye!"

Jess peaked at her as she turned and almost floatingly left through the door. You could tell that the massage had really done her well. "Such an elegant being." When she was out of sight, Jess stood up in a hurry. She wanted to get to Tim´s place now as soon as possible because she was hungry from her long day but even more so… horny. She had to wipe down the massage table and put all the used towels in the laundry basket. Most of her other work she had already done before meeting her unexpected guest. After she was done with the massage table, Jess made an even more unexpected find.

The satin fullbacks she minutes ago saw getting drenched in pee. There they were, laying near the chair at the entry of the massage room. As she was starring, an idea came to her mind. Jess got a plastic bag, collected the rolled-up towel that suffered most of the damage by absorbing the majority of her client´s urine and picked up the panties. They had gone a bit cold. She hesitated for a second but couldn´t resist and smelled them. To her surprise she perceived the smell not only to be not bad but actually enjoyable. "Kinda hot. Maybe he was right. Maybe Tim did know what he was talking about in the end. Maybe it was unfair to not even give that stuff a try. I will make up for it, starting tonight."

Jess put the panties into the bag, left her workplace and got on her way to walk the approximately two kilometers to Tim´s place. It was already dark and a bit chilly but there was no way she was taking the bus with this kind of luggage. While walking she pictured in her head what she might tell him, what she might do and how he would react. She found herself more and more turned on. Hopefully, he was in the mood at all. Jess arrived, entered the building and walked up the stairs to his flat. They weren´t exactly living together yet, but Tim had given her a key a long time ago.

"Hey baby!", Jess shouted while stepping through the door.

No answer. She listened closely and found her assumption confirmed by deep, regular breathing sounds. "Classic." She put the plastic bag she brought down and sneaked into the small living room where she found Tim sleeping on the coach. Jess smiled then softly kissed him awake.

"Baby", Tim mumbled and rubbed his eyes while sitting up.

"Oh, oh now. I haven´t even started cooking. I´m at it right away, Jess. How was your day?"

He had a somewhat guilty look on his face and wanted to get up but Jess hold him down and gave him another kiss. A proper one, this time.

"Forget about dinner for a second, baby. I would really like to tell you about my day and I want you to stay right here with me."

Tim seemed a bit confused but remained seated.

"What happened? Is everything all right?"

"Baby, relax! You´re in for a treat!", Jess teased.

She then proceeded to explain what had happened to her from the beginning. She described how her last client looked like, what she was wearing before and during the massage and how she had mentioned her bathroom-needs twice. That last part surely sparked Tim´s curiosity. He was fully awake now. He tried to hide it but Jess knew all to well that her boyfriend was getting excited. A quick glance at his crotch give her the clearest signal.

"And then, I couldn´t believe it myself, she peed herself! She even made an announcement! Panties still on, without turning a hair! Full on! With me having the premium view! Not kidding."

She made a short break and looked Tim straight in the eyes. His mouth was half open. Jess could tell he was somewhere between thankful, turned on and uncertain because she had out of the blue came around with this story heavily tingling one of his major sexual desires she had kind of neglected before with few exceptions.

"Wow", he said.

He was lost for words. And rightfully so. Jess smiled.

"And, Tim…?"

"Yeah?"

"It was kinda hot. To be honest."

His face had the expression of true happiness.

"You mean, you mean you liked watching? And…"

"I mean, the hole situation was so unexpected, overwhelming and… erotic. I can now somehow relate to your omorasi-what´s-it-called fetish a little bit. Thinking about it now, that woman might have this fetish, too? What do you think? But yeah, I must admit I liked watching, hearing, witnessing her accident. It was hot."

Jess didn´t only want to pleasure him by saying that but really meant it and was happy to have brought it up in front of her boyfriend. He reacted:

"What do I think? I think I have to treat you really good so you don´t run off one day with some pee-pants massage girl!"

Both of them laughed. Tim went in for a kiss. And another. Then Jess said:

"Baby, not to be rude or demanding or anything but I´m really horny."

She pointed at her cloths.

"How about I slip out of all of this, put on some… let´s say surprise decoration and you meet me in the bathroom in one minute to, instead of dinner, eat… me?"

In 90% of the cases it had been Tim who initialized sex, so going for it now so blatantly made Jess blush a little. But she was just so horny.

"Jess Selway! … You are awesome! It will be my pleasure! I love you, baby."

He gave her another kiss and she rushed to get the plastic bag and entered the bathroom without closing the door. She stripped out of her leggings. He heard Tim in the living room, his voice excited:

"Surprise decoration, heh? I wonder what that could be."

Jess answered through the open door while stepping out of panties which were a bit creamy but not piss-soaking wet like the pair she was about to put on:

"Well, they´re soft…"

She pulled her sweater and her T-shirt over her had in a hurry.

"…nice…"

She undid her bra and got her treasures out of the bag. The towel and the panties were wet and unfortunately cold. It would be fine, the bathroom had floor heating. The smell was not to strong and, again, got Jess even more turned on.

"…light blue in color…"

She put the fullbacks on. It wasn´t a perfect fit but it also wasn´t too ridiculous. "Ha! Worrying about the fit when pulling up someone else´s pissy panties. Now THAT is truly ridiculous!" Jess chuckled. She expected her boyfriend to peak around the corner at any moment now. She had described her clients underway in detail to him before and he might have already picked up on what was going on.

"…soaked…"

She put down the rolled-up towel and took a seat. While slowly sinking backwards onto the warm bathroom floor, Jess heard some rumbling in the living room. As she expected, for Tim there was no more holding back now.

That night was unforgettable.

The next morning, while both of them were still in bed, Jess said to Tim:

"Last night was so unbelievable, baby, I added 'pee my panties' to my monthly bucked list."

And she was thanked with a kiss.

The End

*003*2020-07-30 23:16

Thank you dwp! It is always hard to tell what the future holds. ;D

*004*2020-10-03 23:51

This continuation of the story barely has anything to do with the initial events in the massage room anymore but describes how the couple Jess and Tim explores omorashi more. I hope, you guys have as much fun reading it as I had writing. Feel free to comment on what you liked and what you didn´t like so I can improve my writing a little bit.

Jess´s feet hurt and her legs were tired. Although she and Tim had just made a halt to have a piece of cake and some coffee and to restock on supplies in the tiny village that was now four kilometers behind them, Jess really had to pull herself together not to lament on and on to Tim how this was not an enjoyable vacation at all. Instead, she tried her best to hide her misery and to not spoil Tim´s mood who was in his element. Hiking was his thing after all. It was already late afternoon of day three out of four of their trip. Jess had stopped counting kilometers long ago and stoically walked behind Tim on the narrow trail. Tim was carrying practically all their luggage in a huge, heavy backpack and it still looked like he was moving effortlessly while Jess was struggling and sweating. She would stay strong, not whine and fight through it, Jess told herself. Step by step.

After about two hours of uphill-fiasco Tim stopped to look at the sun and then at his watch.

"It will be dark in less than an hour. We should find a place and put up our tent. We managed a good distance today. I´m proud of you, baby. If we can keep up this pace, tomorrow will…"

"Rest?! Agreed!", Jess interrupted Tim while dropping on a stump.

She got a bottle out and started chugging water. Only minutes later they found a suitable place for the night and Tim started to put up their tent. The tent was small even for only the two of them. But Jess didn´t mind because that just meant cuddles at night. The sun set and it finally got a little cooler when Jess and Tim ate dinner. Sandwiches and bananas. Jess was thankful for the time she was spending with her boyfriend, but she was also exhausted so there was not much talking.

"Is everything alright? What are you thinking about?", Tim asked.

Jess smiled and half-jokingly said: "I´m thinking: Ouch, my calves! Ouch, my feet!"

Both of them laughed and Tim answered: "Is it that bad? Do you want me to apply my dilettantish massage skills?"

Jess giggled. "Thank you but no. Honestly, all I want right now is a kiss. And you spooning me while we sleep and recover."

Tim looked a little bit disappointed. "You want to go to sleep already? To be honest, I was hoping for sex tonight. Look where we are. We´ve got the world for ourselves, it´s just you and me. We could do all sorts of fun stuff. Naughty stuff even… and it has been four days…"

He playfully pushed Jess who was sitting in the gras next to him on her back and leaned in for the kiss. They deeply kissed for five minutes. But Jess decided against more 'physical activity' because of her hurting legs and her tiredness.

"Tim, I love you. But not tonight ok? Let´s get some sleep and then maybe start the day off right tomorrow, if you know what I mean."

"Baby, I love you, too. And I will school myself in patience eager to find out what 'starting the day of right' could mean", Tim said acting all innocent.

Jess thanked him and kissed Tim one more time. He would find out soon enough. She had two scenarios in mind. Both included watersports, his favorite fetish. She would wake him up in the morning, take him by the hand and guide him outside where she would do her morning piss in front of him. And maybe, if she would find the courage, she would spray a little bit on him or pee on his bare feet without warning. That would be a first time. Her other idea, also a potential first time, was waking him up, get him hard and immediately try cowgirl with a full bladder and just see what happens.

Jess figured that if there would be leaks it was not a problem because there was no mattress to worry about and the sleeping bags could be easily rinsed. That one evening and night that sparked her own interest in watersports was almost four weeks ago. There hadn´t been much going on between Jess and Tim in this regard which surely was because Tim didn´t want to come across as pushy. But Jess herself had become more and more curious how certain things would be like, feel like and how Tim would react and reward her. Tomorrow was a golden opportunity.

When she came back from a quick wee in the woods Tim had already stored the backpack and their other stuff inside the small tent. There was no food-plundering wildlife to worry about but there was a high chance of rain tonight. Jess slipped inside the tent, stripped down to her underwear and got under the light blanked which was basically a fully opened sleeping bag. Tim came back from his toilet-trip and joined her. The couple lay in spooning position for some minutes listening to the sounds of nature.

"Are you warm enough and comfy?", asked Tim.

Jess just wiggled her butt against Tim´s crotch and nodded her head yes.

"Baby…!", Tim whispered a bit accusatory.

She could feel his dick growing and poking her a bit.

"You are such a tease."

Jess giggled and grinned. "I will make up for it. I promise."

"I can´t wait. Good night, baby."

He passionately kissed her neck.

"Love you, good night."

And she fell asleep in his cozy embrace.

When Jess woke up the next morning, she would have loved to turn herself around once more for some more rest. But her need to pee was quite urgent so she got up to go to the bathroom. She still felt sore from all the hiking of the previous days. It was like there were weights on her feet or glue on the ground. Either way, she made her way towards the toilet in slow motion. Something was odd but Jess couldn´t put the finger on it. In the middle of the bathroom she stopped and turned to see Tim taking a shower. He didn´t seem to have noticed her.

Jess said good morning, but the sound of the running shower seemed to cover her words completely and Tim didn´t answer. She shouted "Baby!" but nothing. Weird. A lewd thought suddenly flashed through Jess´s mind. This would definitively get his attention. Without taking of her T-shirt and her panties she was wearing she stepped in the shower to join her boyfriend and stopped the water. Tim looked puzzled when she smiled at him while grabbing his hands and guiding them to her crotch area. Her heart skipped a beat. Then she just let loose without a warning. Jess let her morning pee flow with a passionate exhale. She enjoyed the moment and excitedly anticipated what might happen next. Tim´s voice came from far away:

"Baby… baby. Jess, hey..."

Jess woke up. She needed another second to really become aware of the situation. She was in a tent. Then it hit her. Jess immediately clenched.

"Baby... wake up."

Jess´s mind was racing: "Oh. My. God. Did that really just happen? Did I really just… no way, surely that was just in the dream, right?"

But after testing with her hand there was no denying the hotness and wetness anymore. She could feel her embarrassment shooting up, blood rushing to her face. This had at no point been part of her plans from yesterday. She just had an accident. And there was no hiding.

"And surely Tim knows. He´s lying right behind me.", Jess thought to herself.

She didn´t know whether she should cry or laugh or what she could say while she slowly turned to face Tim. When their eyes met, there was not the slightest bit of judgement in his look. And in this moment Jess was endlessly grateful for him and all the trust and love they gave each other. Her embarrassment subsided and she just wanted to make love with him.

"Hey.", she said.

"Good morning, my princess. Uhm… Is everything alright? I didn´t want to wake you up but you…"

"I know. I can´t believe it either. But go on.", Jess prompted with a wink.

"You… you peed…I was already awake, then there was this hissing…" Tim´s arousal was obvious.

"Yeah, what the fuck. I accidentally wet my panties in my sleep. Well, at least half-accidentally."

"Half-accidentally? Pee-dream?", Tim asked.

"Pee-dream. And it could actually have become a wild sex-dream if it had went on a little longer. Baby, are you turned on by any chance? 'Cause I am.", Jess admitted.

"As if you couldn´t tell, you tease."

They shared a kiss then Jess pulled Tim on top of herself.

"I want you right now. But I´m still pretty desperate."

"Yeah, you just went for about five or six seconds before stopping I think."

Jess felt his skin on hers. His strong grip. Passionate kisses.

"I figured that if I would lose a few spurts here and there while we fuck you wouldn´t mind too much, would you?"

This was like oil into the fire of Tim´s excitement.

"Oh baby, I love you."

*006*2021-02-03 19:18

{{On 2/1/2021 at 7:47 PM, AliceWetting said:

This is genuinely one of the hottest things I've ever read. Rely made me lose myself in that story and felt like I was there!

I love this scenario sooo much.

}}

Wow, thank you so much! Means a lot!

