The slave market - part 3 - overnight interlude

Author: I like wet bikinis

*000*2018-09-27 12:46

If you are coming to this without having read the earlier parts, here are links to:

The introduction (which sets the scene) - part 1

Part 2 (which describes the events at the viewing day before the auction)

Links from them will take you back to here.

[Luke and I walked home together, weary, and reminiscing about the sights from that day. We hoped tomorrow would not be a disappointment; we were sure it would not. I was looking forward to a long soak in a warm bath. With a couple of my most attentive maiden slaves. Red-headed Leena, and raven-haired Fran would be perfect. I would be disappointed if they had not been drinking plenty of water all day. I would keep them desperate in the bathroom until they could wait no longer and had to pee on the tiles.]

Day 2 - auction day

I woke up just before sunrise, with Leena, warm and soft, sleeping snuggled against my chest. I stroked the curve of her back, and, drowsily, her hand started to explore my body. For the first time, I found myself wondering about her experiences before she joined our household.

‘Leena.’

‘mmmmm?’

‘That’s good. But if you keep on with that, I’m going to have to fuck you again.’

‘Good. I want you to fuck me.’

‘Leena.’

‘I went to the slave market yesterday. Have you ever been there?’

‘Of course. Where do you think your dad bought me? Did nobody want to buy you?’

‘Cheeky! I was looking.’

‘I bet they were selling the girls. That’s why you are so hard now! Did you watch the girls pissing?’

‘I saw lots. They weren’t allowed out of the cages. They had to pee on the floor when they needed to go. Did they put you in a cage?’

‘Of course. I’m a slave.’

‘Did you pee in the cage?’

‘Of course. I was there all day. There was nowhere else to piss. We all pissed on the floor.’

‘What was that like?’

‘Horrible. I was really scared because nobody told me anything. I had been brought up as a slave in a big house, a bit like this. One day I was just told to get in a wagon outside my house. There were other girls my age inside already, but we didn’t know where we were going. We were taken to a sort of prison for a few days, then to another prison in the big tent. On the second day there, we were all woken up early, given breakfast, ordered to have a pooh, and then we had to undress. The hairdressers and manicurists did our hair and got us ready. That was nice. It was the first time since I left home that anyone had been kind and helped me look good. I still didn’t know what was happening, and nobody would tell me.

‘Then, when I was ready, with about six other girls, we were pushed into the big hall. That’s what you saw yesterday?’

‘Yes’, I replied. ‘Go on.’

‘They took us across the hall to a big cage. Other girls were in other cages already. They told us not to call out to them or we’d be punished. They brought lots of cold, sweet coffee to us. That was a real treat. Slaves don’t often get coffee. We were in the empty room for a long time, while the other girls were being prepared. We didn’t know why we were locked in the cage or how long we were going to be there. We were just told we wouldn’t be hurt if we did as we were told.’

‘But you knew you were at the market?’ I asked.

‘No. We didn’t know where we were, or why. One of the other girls asked when she could get out to go to the toilet. They told her to just wait. She was really desperate by the time people started to come in to look at us. She was holding herself and pee-dancing.

‘Mmmmm,’ she continued. (She was running her fingers up and down my twitching cock.) ‘She was completely naked. You could see everything. Bum, tits, cunt. You like hearing about this, don’t you?’

‘Yes.’ I said. ‘Just like I enjoyed watching you wet your pants last night. Tell me more. What happened to her?’

‘She asked again if she could get out for a pee and they said we had to stay in the cage all day. They told her to pee in the cage if she couldn’t hold it.

‘So did she hold it?’

‘Of course not. She couldn’t. None of us could. Not when we were there all day. We all pissed when we had to, with men watching us like we were animals in a zoo.’

‘Was she the first to piss?’

‘In our cage, yes, I think so. She just suddenly sat on the floor and made a big puddle where she was sitting. She cried. I couldn’t hold it then either and I began to wet myself. I couldn’t stop and so I just went down and pissed on the floor.’

‘Did you cry?’ I asked.

‘A little bit. None of us liked being undressed. We were all trying to cover ourselves up with our hands. We asked for something to wear and they told us we were on display. So we were already feeling like we were really wrong, being naked. And then we couldn’t go anywhere to piss and had to just let go and do it while everybody was looking.’

‘Did you have to pee again?’

‘Yes, four times I think. There were so many people watching and looking all the time. I just held on and held on. Each time it got to the point where I was almost bursting and I realised I just had to do it. So I would just crouch down and let it flow.’

‘And people were watching you all the time?’

‘Yes. And getting off on it. One lad – he must have been about your age – was playing with himself in his toga when I started peeing. He was staring, trying to look up my legs as I was going. I thought, well fuck you, and parted my legs for a moment so he could get a good view. That was enough to make him cum. Actually I quite liked that. He made such a mess in his toga. He went bright red. Anyway, it’s your turn. I’m going to make you cum again right now.’

‘And how are you going to do that?’ I was remembering her from last night, her loose clothes so sheer and flimsy that I could see her body almost as clearly as if she had been naked. She had stood in front of me, legs slightly parted and pissed into her baggy harem pants. Through the material I could see the sparkling stream cascading to wet her pants which then clung to her legs.

‘I’m going to fuck you’ she replied. And with that she rolled me on my back and in the same movement straddled me, grabbed me and guided my cock to slide into her cunt as she lowered herself to take me inside her. She was right. She did make me cum again and it didn’t take long.

*002*2018-09-30 09:44

{{On 9/28/2018 at 7:02 PM, wedgeantilles said:

A great story - not only this one, the other chapters too!

}}

Thank you. The encouragement helps me to keep writing. The next part - auction day - is not yet ready, but will be quite long, so I aim to post it in sections.

*004*2018-10-02 21:05

Link to part 4

.

