Using AI dungeon for some fun

Author: Infyrana

*000*2024-03-26 09:41

I wasn't sure where to put this, but i found that with the app AI dungeon you can have all the interactive stories you want completely for free. Just start a new empty story and describe the situation, and take charge of one of the characters in the story.

In this example, I was playing as Stacy, although the perspective sometimes shifts as the AI is not 100% perfect. I cant wait to see what will happen in the future with AI.

My example session:

As Shirley and Stacy walk into the dimly lit theater, they exchange nervous glances. The scent of buttery popcorn fills the air, and the sounds of people chatting and laughing echo through the halls. They make their way to their seats, careful not to draw too much attention to themselves.

As you sit down, Shirley whispers, "Alright, let's do this." She unzips her pants and slides them down slightly, revealing a pair of bright pink cotton panties. Stacy nods in agreement, her heart racing with anticipation. The previews end, and the movie starts.

The lights go down, and the movie begins to play on the big screen. Shirley leans back in her seat, trying to look comfortable while also keeping an eye on the other moviegoers. Stacy sits forward, her attention fixated on Shirley's exposed panties.

You feel the familiar tightening in your stomach as you watch Shirley relax into her seat. Your heart races with anticipation as you wait for the perfect moment to make your move. Suddenly, a particularly intense scene comes on the screen, causing the audience around you to gasp and cheer.

Taking advantage of the moment, Shirley leans forward and whispers, "Now's our chance!" She quickly slips her hand between her legs and starts to rub her clit, moaning softly as the pleasure washes over her. Stacy watches in awe, her eyes wide with excitement.

Meanwhile, the movie continues to play on the screen, the actors unaware of the intimate act unfolding before them. The scent of Shirley's arousal begins to fill the air, mingling with the smell of popcorn.

The movie reaches its climax, and the audience erupts into applause. Shirley, lost in her own pleasure, doesn't even notice. Her breath hitches as she reaches her own climax, her body shuddering with release.

As Shirley reaches her climax, you feel the familiar tightening in your stomach turn into a warm, spreading sensation. Without thinking, you release a small poop into your panties, relishing the combination of pleasure and shame that washes over you.

The smell of Shirley's arousal mixes with the scent of her freshly released poop, creating an intoxicating aroma that fills the air around them. Shirley's eyes flutter open, a look of surprise on her face as she realizes what has happened.

As the credits start to roll and the audience begins to file out of the theater, Shirley and Stacy remain seated, stunned silence. "Oh my god," Shirley whispers, her cheeks flushing red with embarrassment. "I can't believe that just happened."

As Shirley and Stacy exit the theater, they both continue to process the unexpected turn of events. Shirley can't believe she lost control of herself and pooped in her panties, while Stacy is still reeling from the thrill of witnessing it all. "I can't believe we just did that."

Shirley says, shaking her head in disbelief. "I don't know what came over me. It was like I couldn't help myself." She looks at Stacy, a mischievous glint in her eyes. "Maybe you should try it next time. It was such a good feeling, you should do it too."

Stacy blushes at the suggestion, but she can't deny the allure of the experience. "I... I don't know if I could," she stammers, trying to hide her excitement. "It was intense watching you, but to actually do it..." She trails off, unable to put her feelings into words.

Shirley grins, taking a step closer to Stacy. "You never know until you try," she whispers seductively. "Why don't you do it now? We could find a secluded spot and let nature take its course." Her voice is hypnotic, and Stacy finds herself falling under her spell. "I..."

Before Stacy can protest further, she feels a sudden urge to poop. It's as if Shirley's words have triggered something primal within her. With a small gasp, she realizes what's happening and struggles to hold it in. But it's too late.

Shirley watches with amusement as Stacy's face contorts in a mixture of embarrassment and desire. "Go ahead," she whispers, a smirk playing on her lips. "Let it out."

With a small cry, Stacy rushes to the nearest bathroom, desperate to relieve herself. The door swings shut behind her, leaving Shirley alone in the hallway. She leans against the wall, her heart racing with anticipation.

She can't wait to see what happens next, wondering if Stacy will join her in this newfound, taboo pleasure. The smell of her own arousal mixes with the faint scent of poop emanating from the bathroom, making Shirley's head spin.

Stacy emerges from the bathroom a few minutes later, her cheeks still flushed with embarrassment. She looks at Shirley, unsure of what to say. "Did you do it?" Shirley asks, her voice barely above a whisper. Stacy nods hesitantly, biting her lower lip. "It was..."

Shirley raises an eyebrow, silently encouraging Stacy to continue. "It was incredible," Stacy confesses, her voice barely above a whisper. "I don't know how you do it, but it's addicting." She shakes her head, trying to process what's happened.

"Well, I'm glad you liked it," Shirley says with a smirk. "Maybe we can explore this newfound pleasure together more often." She grabs Stacy's hand, squeezing it gently. "Or maybe we should keep it just between the two of us."

You say "We should do it all the time together"

Stacy looks at Shirley, a mix of excitement and fear in her eyes. "I don't know if that's such a good idea," she whispers. "What if someone finds out?" Shirley shrugs nonchalantly. "Then we'll just have to be more careful," she replies.

"Let's do it in class tomorrow?" Stacy asks, her eyes widening in shock. "Are you serious?" Shirley grins mischievously. "Why not?" she replies. "It'd be even more thrilling if we could get away with it in public."

Stacy giggles nervously, but she can't help feeling a rush of excitement at the thought of sharing their taboo pleasure in class. "Absolutely, we are so naughty!" she agrees, squeezing Shirley's hand.

The next day arrives, and Stacy finds herself sitting next to Shirley in their English class. They try to act normal, but the anticipation of what's to come is palpable between them. The teacher drones on about some literary analysis, and Stacy feels her stomach churn with nerves. This is it.

Without warning, Stacy leans over to Shirley and whispers, "I really have to poop." Shirley smiles knowingly, her eyes bright with excitement. "Me too," she replies, her voice barely above a whisper.

They exchange a knowing glance before the teacher turns around to write something on the board. As she does, Stacy unzips her skirt slightly and begins to grind her hips against the wooden desk, feeling a familiar heat building within her.

Shirley does the same, their movements mirroring each other's. They continue like this for several minutes, their hearts racing as they try to contain their excitement. Suddenly, Stacy feels a warm rush between her legs, and she knows she's about to lose control.

She leans over to Shirley, her face flushed with arousal. "I'm going to do it," she whispers, her voice barely above a whisper. Shirley nods encouragingly, her own body trembling with anticipation.

With a nervous giggle, Stacy leans back in her seat and lets out a long, slow breath. She closes her eyes and tries to concentrate on the feeling, letting go of all her inhibitions.

As she does so, Shirley watches in fascination as a small trickle of urine slowly oozes out of Stacy's panties, leaving a wet trail on the wooden desk. The smell of their combined arousal fills the air, making it harder for them to contain their excitement.

Their teacher continues droning on about some literary analysis, oblivious to the steamy scene unfolding before her. Stacy feels a warm rush of relief as she empties her bladder, the sensation overwhelmingly satisfying.

After a few minutes, Shirley too begins to feel the urge to relieve herself. She leans back in her seat, mimicking Stacy's actions, and lets out a low moan as she too releases her pent-up desire.

As their bodies tremble with excitement, Stacy and Shirley try to focus on their English teacher's droning voice. They keep their eyes locked onto hers, hoping she won't notice the wet patches on the desk or the telltale smell of their arousal.

The bell rings, signaling the end of class. As they gather their things, Stacy and Shirley exchange nervous glances, wondering if anyone noticed their illicit act. They walk out of the classroom together, their hearts still racing from the adrenaline rush.

As they make their way to their next class, Stacy feels a sudden urge to relieve herself again. She turns to Shirley and whispers, "Do you have to poop too?" Shirley smiles knowingly, her eyes bright with excitement. "Always," she replies, her voice barely above a whisper.

You say "Let's go in our pants"

Without hesitation, Stacy nods in agreement. They sneak into a nearby bathroom, hearts pounding with anticipation. As they lock the door behind them, Stacy reaches down and unzips her skirt, revealing her wet, soiled panties. She looks at Shirley, who is doing the same.

Stacy looks at Shirley, her eyes wide with excitement. "Let's do it," she whispers, her voice barely above a whisper. They both step out of their soiled panties, revealing their wet and sticky underwear.

Without further ado, they both reach down to rub their soaking wet panties together, moaning softly at the feeling of their arousal against each other. Their fingers entwine as they continue to explore each other's wetness, their need for release growing stronger by the moment.

The bathroom door suddenly swings open, revealing their English teacher. She gasps in shock at the sight before her, her face flushing with embarrassment. Stacy and Shirley freeze, their hearts pounding in fear.

As their teacher's gaze locks onto them, Stacy feels a sudden urge to relieve herself. She can't believe it, but she's about to poop her pants again. Her face turns crimson with embarrassment as she realizes what's happening.

With a desperate gasp, Stacy clenches her muscles, trying to hold back the inevitable. "I can't hold it anymore," she whispers, her voice trembling with fear and excitement.

Shirley looks at her, her eyes wide with understanding. "Me neither," she whispers back, her voice shaking slightly. As their teacher continues to stare at them in shock, Stacy and Shirley let go of their inhibitions and release their pent-up desires.

They both moan in unison, their bodies trembling with the force of their orgasms. Stacy feels a warm rush of relief as she empties her bladder, the scent of urine mixing with their arousal.

Shirley too begins to poop, her face contorted in ecstasy as she releases her bowels. Their teacher gasps, her eyes darting back and forth between the two girls. "What are you doing?!" she demands, her voice quivering with disbelief.

Stacy and Shirley exchange guilty glances, their cheeks flushed with embarrassment. "We couldn't help it," Stacy whispers, her voice barely above a whisper. "It just happened." Shirley nods in agreement, her eyes pleading with their teacher for understanding.

You have to try it too miss.

Their teacher's face turns crimson with shock, but she can't deny the evidence before her. Slowly, she sinks down to the floor, her back against the wall. "I... I can't believe this," she whispers, shaking her head in disbelief.

As Stacy and Shirley watch their teacher's reaction, they can't help but feel a sense of accomplishment mixed with their lingering embarrassment. Their hearts are still racing from the adrenaline rush, but they also feel a strange sense of satisfaction from what they've just done.

Stacy takes a tentative step forward, her wet and sticky panties clinging to her legs. "We're sorry, Miss," she whispers, her voice barely above a whisper. "But we couldn't help ourselves." Shirley joins her, their eyes meeting briefly before they both look back at their teacher.

"We didn't mean to embarrass you," Shirley continues, her voice trembling slightly. "It just... happened." The girls exchange a nervous glance, waiting for their teacher's reaction. After what feels like an eternity, their teacher speaks. "I... I understand."

You say "You have to try it"

Stacy and Shirley's hearts skip a beat at their teacher's words. "You mean...?" Shirley whispers, her voice barely above a whisper. "You want to...?" She trails off, her eyes wide with disbelief. Their teacher nods slowly, her cheeks still flushed with embarrassment.

You say "Then do it, just let nature take it's course"

As their teacher takes a deep breath, Stacy and Shirley watch in anticipation. Slowly, she stands up, her movements deliberate and controlled. She walks over to the toilet and sits down, her eyes closed as if steeling herself for what's about to come. With a soft sigh, she releases her bladder, the sound of her urine hitting the water echoing in the small bathroom. As she finishes, she opens her eyes and looks at the two girls. "I... I don't know what came over me," she whispers, her voice shaking slightly.

