The Girl

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-08 01:50

Her face says it all, pain, exhaustion, confusion and fear, expressing themselves noticeably. Eyes clamped tightly shut, lips wobbling like jelly, sweat trickling down her face and the silent murmurs of her innocent cries all were there. Only centimeters from you, your eye's are treated to front row view of her amazing display.

Her beautiful body, jerking from side to side whilst shuffling around erratically, like a bear getting an itch. You know she's at her limit, as tears accompanied by the smell fear lingering around her like a swarm of locus. All it would take is an action to break her resolve... But friends don't do that and you wouldn't... Or would you?

As her cries get louder, a small jet of urine escapes, marking a large spot on her jeans. She's like a balloon, she'll pop any minute now... But something spreads over your face, shouting something more thats more than mischief and excitement, but something deeper... Guiding a hand onto her leg, you manage to get a look from distressed friend.

Her gasps and pained voices call you, they long for relief. Both of your eyes are completely locked onto each other and your lips are hungry, almost as if you had a long suffered starvation for far to long. Pouncing onto your friend, you throw her back onto the car door. You give her a look of sexual hunger, as you start to kiss her hard, almost savagely, completely silencing her calls and shocking her to the core.

A loud hissing sound echoes within the car, as the aura of urine reaches your nose, like a shark who's smelt blood, you engulf your prey. Cupping her crotch with your right hand, you can feel the juices race through your hands and onto the warm leather. But the urgency of your kiss completely melts her, but ultimately, she opens her mouth to receive the kiss. Your mind is completely blank, but the urgency for more swarms the both of you, engulfing you into a relationship that will last for years to come.

*001*2017-04-09 06:29

If you would like to leave any criticism or comment don't be shy...

*003*2017-04-09 09:29

That will take some time, but it is actually a project I'm working on, expect a really long wait though...

*005*2017-04-09 10:50

If it helps pass the time, I've potentially got 2 more stories coming within the next 36 hrs, one is a How it feels and one is being chosen by a commenter of my last story.

*007*2017-04-13 00:05

Good experience, but not to be rude, why are you putting an experience story here? You could make your own story and get more reviews than just me and a few others that read mine...

*009*2017-04-13 03:04

I really don't mind, it's just that it's best if you place it in your own topic as you'll get replies from other people and reviews.

