A princess’s story

Author: IneedAname

*000*2021-05-11 19:55

Hello!

I really want to write a story by my own! I have a few base ideas for a few chaps yet.

I planned this as an, by now, endless story.

Beside my ideas and my motivation i try to add a new chapter weekly!

»Most important - English isn’t my native language!

I, of course, try to do my best with grammer and hope its readable anyways. Feel free to give me feedback that I can improve my writing skills and the story itself. Also – It’s my first story i ever write.

I’m sure I will need my time to get into writing and also getting better in the language itself which I want to learn better beside I write the story.

Maybe I will write the full story in the future again to make it more comfortable to read but for now – here’s the begin!

A princess’s story

»Prologue

Dalaria, the name of the princess who was known for her gentle and kind personality, a lovable young lady.

Most of the villagers adore her, the full royal family as well.

The people was satisfied with the royal family, they could live a good life, even with a simple job.

The royal family care for the kingdom and want the best for the village and the people who live here.

Because of that people was very loyal to the highest family. They trusted them in their rules, well known that they wanted the best for the land.

###

Dalaria was 20 years old, grown to an beautiful young woman over the years. She has shining orange eyes and red curly hair which went to her shoulders. The red dresses that she choose fits perfect to the rest of her colors.

Her parents managed the most of the stuff but by time to time Dalaria got more tasks to do.

The princess was okay with that, she knew one day she had to manage all of this by her own which feared her a bit. It was so much responsibility! Plus she didn’t have someone on her side yet.

For her parents it was important that she can choose her man on her own.

They didn’t want to rush her with an relationship as well. The King and the Queen cared very well for their daughter even they was strict most of the time.

###

The young woman also had an personal maid, her name was Eilia.

She was a few years on her side now, they got close friends by the time. Dalaria told her much of her secrets that nobody else knew. Especially her biggest secret she ever had.

Eilia sometimes worried that she get herself in trouble with it. To the other hand she’s fine with it and took all of the requests Dalaria needed for her secret hobby.

Request like this was to serve a lot of liquid like tea or water.

That was all the princess needed for it.

Since Dalaria was a young child she enjoyed holding stuff.

Her parents denied to leave an event to visit the restrooms or other important events.

She was forced to hold her need and by the time she begin to like the feeling and do it for her enjoyment.

She really was into this, do her kink by every chance she get.

But she can’t live her hobby as she would like to. She have to use the restrooms when the need overcomes her to not wet herself. She can’t risk this!

Because she never was alone in the huge castle the young woman was never be able to get the chance of fully losing control.

Her holds was planned very well, the amount she drink and the hours she have to stay before she would be allowed to leave the room to emptied herself.

On some days she wanted to hold it back until it came out, no matter how many people would be around her.

But the princess was to feared to make this fantasies real

...

...

*002*2021-05-12 14:24

**Author note**

So, here we start the certain story.

Please note:

I try to add an “own” kingdom, so don’t be wondered if it doesn’t went as an “original/known” in their jobs and how they act.

I also will try to set a character concept for the main characters.

Tip: Read carefully! Everything I leave unanswered I used to grab in future chapters again, some of them are important for the story line itself.

Some chapters will be story relevant, some not. I want to build everything up like a book.

The first chapters will turn out shorter to get some experience, later I want to hit an XX-XX word goal for every chapter.

Feel free to leave wishes what you want to read! When I like it I may put it in a later chapter. Feedback is also very welcome!

For now that’s all from my side-hope you enjoy the story!

A princess’s story

» 1. Planning a free day

…

The sun was rising, wrapped the darkness into a soft light. The darkness was gone, the birds start to chirp and let everyone know a new day started.

Dalaria wake up as the light softly stroke her eyes, she had a few troubles to get her eyes open after she accustom with the darkness during sleep.

The young woman yawned, sit up and look out the window. It seemed to be an a clear sky, no rain or other bad weather.

While she start to begin less tired she notice that she got a free day for herself.

»Dalaria, listen. We’re out tomorrow to visit a kingdom. You can do whatever you want this day. But make sure to be home for dinner. I told the soldiers that no one can enter our property while we’re out. I think you deserved a day for you, you work really hard the last months. But never forget your role when you meet someone. And please stay on our property. When you go out of the castle make sure that somone accompanied you.«

This was what her father told her yesterday. He make sure that his parents would be home again in the late afternoon.

It was her first time that she had the whole castle for herself, and a free day where she can do whatever she wanted. For real, she had a lot of free time. But mostly someone watched what she was doing to make sure that the princess was alright.

Most of the time it was really annoying, but it give situations in her past where she was lucky that someone was around her to keep her safe…

Because she was to lazy for stand up she think about what she will do this day.

In her head bounced a ton of ideas how she could spend her time well.

After a bit of decision problems she decided to get out for a long walk, enjoy the nature around her. They castle had a massive garden and a few smaller paths they went around the castle like a circuit.

This path was ideal to go, it also give another way that lead in the woods. Only a large garden door separate the woods from the royal property. Where want to go out this way they have to ask for the key. It’s very well locked, nothing you could open that easily without.

This way was used for riding, Dalaria herself never use this way because she was quite feared of horses since a painfully accident in her childhood. Luckily her parents accept that she didn’t want to and didn’t force her to get on the animals back again even if her mother try to motivate her when her daughter was younger.

Whatever, Dalaria continued planning her day.

She decided to eat breakfast first, get dressed, read in her books while she wait for lunch and take the walk after.

The princess loved to had everything planned, she hate it when something doesn’t went how it should. That bring her out of her concept!

Finally she made her way out of her soft bed, stand in the middle of her huge bedroom. Her room was very simple, a bigger bed, a writing desk and tons of bookshelf with books in it. Since she was young she adore reading and collect over the years a ton of them, Dalaria read everything she can grab, some of her books she read over and over again.The genre she loved the most where fantasy adventures, some of them was such creative!

But for now she stand up, went to the bathroom and doing her morning routine. First she use the toilet, take a shower, brush her teeth and for the last she put her decent make up on.

She was more a naturally type, didn’t like tons of make up on her face. In general Dalaria didn’t really care for her high position as princess. She didn’t want an extra treatment just because of her title! She want to get liked for the person who she was, not for the family she was born in.

Before she leave the small room she brushes her curly hair and take one final look into the mirror to check her appearance.

Satisfied the young woman leave the bathroom to go the long hallway back which was decorated with a lot of old drawings, statues and vaces to enter her bedroom once again.

Straight she went to her brown wardrobe that stand in a corner and checked her dresses. After a longer decision she put an wine-red dress out and look at it before she quickly changed her clothes from her clothing dress to the beautiful dress she picked to wear today. The princess really like this dress, it’s one of her most comfortable ones! She used to wear this often, besides comfort it was pretty. Once again she check her appearance in the mirror who reflect a young friendly looking lady. Her hair sits perfect, the decent make up pronounced her beautiful eyes and the dress sits perfect on her normal sized body and the dress wrapped perfectly around her slight curves.

Dalaria went off the mirror, go to the end of the long halls with several doors. This hall was for only for her family, on the other side was the beds for their employees. Everyone who works here have the chance to live here. Of course they had rules to follow on their free time spending in this castle. They aren’t allowed to go in every room and must be ready when someone from the family would call them. Besides that they had a lot of freedom here.

Dalaria took the staircase down, went to the dinner room and enter the kitchen if someone would be here. The redhead saw their cook, a man who was in his middle 30’s. He was cleaning the kitchen, he was one that doesn’t life here, came to his work times and went home after. As much she know he had a wife and kids. She like to do small-talk with the employees. She love to hear what the people lived for a life outside their works, she always was interested in that what they tell about their life!

“Good morning”, she says

“Good morning, Mrs Dalaria”, he replied and look to her “What would you like to get for your breakfast and dinner?”, he also knew her parents wasn’t there. Normally they would tell him before he went home what they wanted to eat for the next day.

“For breakfast I would love to get a simple bread with jam today. And to drink an orange juice, please! For dinner...surprise me! Oh, and when you want you can eat with me instead of eating alone later”, she smiled. Not like their parents she didn’t want to order everything. Sometimes it was nice to get something you didn’t expect and get stuff on your own instead of asking a maid or butler. She always felt rude asking too much to do even it’s their job. The employees adore her friendly character and the fact she give them a lot more room then her parents does.

For Dalaria the people where sort of friends to talk with, have fun and sometimes request something from them. To her parents they only was workers. That was the huge different that the young princess quickly went to the favorite to work with. Except Eilia, her personal maid enjoyed a lot of free time for herself. But because they are close friends shes often was around her to talk and spending time with.

“Of course! I will make thoughts what I will cook you for dinner. I will make your requested breakfast now, please have a bit patience. And yes, I would really like to when you want”, it was a rare thing that the workers eat with the royal family. They eat after the family, for him, he only eat dinner with the others. Breakfast and for night he used to eat at home.

“Thank you!”, with this she went out of the kitchen and take her seat on the gigantic table. Even with visitors the stairs around war hardly to fill. Within the same time as always Eilia went to the dinner room and stand next to her friend.

“Good morning, Dal”

“Good morning! Do you have a good night?”

“Yeah! And you?”

“Me too, thanks!”, she sit on the chair next to the princess, she knew that she was able to eat with her this day. Normally she was also one of them that doesn't eat with them even if they're close friends. That's the rules from the King and Queen.

“You already know what you want to do this day? It’s so silence here today”

“Yes, I want to go for a walk later. And yes, definitive. It’s the first time it’s been this empty”

“Oh that sound great! "

While they keep talking about casual stuff the cook came to serve their breakfast. Because he knew that Eilia would be able to eat with Dalaria he get her the same food to. Their workers was able to eat the same things like the family ordered, only in a few cases he had to serve another meal later. That was the expensive ones.

Because he cook for the family several years they started a while back not to let someone taste the food first if everything was alright, it was a high symbol of trust that really honors him.

The both womans starts eat the breakfast, it was a simple this one but it tastes very good! Dalaria doesn’t always need the best food. Sometimes a simple one be good to! The maid was the first who was done, stay on her seat until the princess was done too and stand up. She thanked the cook for the meal and went upstairs, followed by Eilia.

“Do you want to go now or later?”

“Later. I want to read in my books until dinner. After that, I want to go outside”

“Alright! When you need something call me”, she smiled and went to the workers hall where her room was. This hall was same as the family hall, decorated how much it was possible.

Dalaria looked at her until she goes her way too, straight up in her room where she spent lot of her time. She checked the book case where the books she doesn’t read yet. All of the cases was sorted as well, it was important to keep the view. She took a big book out that she started a few days ago, a fantasy roman. It was one of this where you followed the heroes journey to defeat the evil. But it had an interesting plot as the hero turns out that he was the bad guy! She couldn’t wait to read more how the story goes on. She took the book and lay herself in her comfortable bad.

Hours went by, she tied up in the lines and focused only to read on what happens next. When she came to an new chapter she set her bookmark there and lay it on the table beside the bed. As the book was away she noticed a familiar feeling in her belly. A slight need to use the bathroom. The princess looked to the clock, she didn’t noticed how many hours went by.

She had an a good half hour left before dinner would be served.

My parents are out!

She thought do herself. Got a new idea, a fantasy she often image about this happening. She felt naughty about her thoughts.

Maybe I should drink a bit more before dinner…!

…

*004*2021-05-15 02:27

A princess’s story

» 2. the planned walk

…

She don’t hesitate long went out of her room to go to the last doors. There was a room where glasses been placed because it’s a longer way to go down. It was easier to fill a cup of water in the bathroom when someone get thirsty in the halls.

For Dalaria it was super simple on that way to drink a good amount of water without anyone notice. Her parents only get in their bedroom when they went to bed, so they didn’t notice how often she went for a glass water during the day. No one caught her yet, she was lucky for that but also surprised because she found herself often in holding mood. For real, she used every chance she get.

When she was young her parents was more strict to her get for get her into the role as princess, she can remember how often she was desperate when she was young, but always get denied to use the restroom on events. So she was forced to hold it until the events was done.

Her parents wanted to teach her that she shouldn’t drink too much on such events because she can’t leave until it’s over. It was a thing from respect that the royals have to stay. Somehow she begin enjoyed it and started holds even if she wasn’t forced to stay and could go easily. She liked the feeling and always feel naughty that she do something as a princess. The young woman also liked the thought that no one knew what she was doing secretly. She started with holding until she felt a slight urge before she would go to the restroom, meanwhile she enjoyed being fuller for a while, but always make sure that she could use a toilet before any drop would came out-she couldn’t risk that anyone noticed it!

She take a glass and went to the bathroom, turn on the grey sink and fill her glass. Within a few seconds the glass was empty, she fill it up again, turn off the sink and walk with the water in her room. She sit down on her chair, place the glass beside her and looked out from her window. It was a beautiful view, she can saw the gigantic garden from the castle.

A lot flowers was planted, the gardeners keep the garden beautiful.

The redhead smiled a bit, it always make her feel happy to see the beauty of nature. She decided to get her sketchbook and start to draw the view. The redhead tried this at least 10 times but always failed it. She can’t draw, she knew this. But she wanted to learn so she keep trying!

While she was drawing she continued take sips from her glass, she want to fill it up once more before she would go for dinner. She took the last sip before she go out to fill it up again and continued her drawing when the woman was back in her room. She sighed, her drawing looks awful! But she saw that she got better since her first one, that keeps her motivation up to finish this picture to get the more experience.

Her concentration get broke as she heard a soft knocking on her door before the maid went in, she felt free to do this after Dalaria allowed her to enter her room whenever she wanted to.

“Dinner will be done in 10 minutes”, Eilia told her

“Oh, nice! I really want to see what hes going to make us for dinner”

“Didn’t you order something you want?”, she sit on the princess’s bed, looked at her while she was standing up, take her glass and sit herself next to the maid.

“No, I give him free hand”, she took a sip from her water

“Oh, than I’m wondering too. He never had the choice earlier I think”

“I don’t think so too, my parents like to order everything as you know”, the redhead looked at her maid

“Oh and please...may you can take something to drink with you when we go for a walk?”

Eilia looked at the glass Dalaria hold in her hands, knowing what she wanted to do

“Another holding day?”

“Maybe a bit more…?”, Dalaria answered playful

“For real, I have to take the chance”

“...What? What you want to do?!”

“I want to..uh..wet myself if possible”

“What you will do when your parents notice it?! You can’t do this!”

“Oh come on, how should they know? Nobody is around, no one will see. And if I don’t wet myself on the walk I have to use the bathroom anyways. I can’t do this in the castle, it’s far to risky”

Eilia sighed, somehow she knew it’s not a good idea. But she agreed, she just hoped that her friend know what she’s doing

“Okay, I will fill up and water bottle and take it with me then”

“Lovely! I know you doesn’t let me hang”

“Do you have to go already?”

“Not at all, just a slightly need”

“Okay, do you want to go down now?”

She emptied her glass and placed it on her table, maybe she want to get another one when she’s home before her parents was and didn’t reach her goal.

“Yes, I’m ready!”

Both woman went down, got tasty spaghetti for dinner, something that Dalaria rarely got to eat.

After they had eaten Eilia fills up a bottle with water while Dalaria waited in the main hall to go. Her need get a bit stronger now, but nothing too much Man I really hope I will be ready soon..I never get such a chance once again! She thought to herself

“So, I’m ready, we can go now when you want”

“Alright, then let’s go!”

Both leave the castle and walk in the garden, it will take them around 2 hours to came back. The garden was bigger than he looked at a first time plus Dalaria like to sit on a bench and take a break when they walked this path. For Eilia it wasn’t something new, she went this path often with the redhead. And also nothing new that she went out on her holdings. But today she literally want to go to her limits, the maid knew that she planned very well, but always something unexpected could happen!

She just hoped they came home before the princess really would have an accident in her dress.

Dalaria’s urge didn’t changed most of the time, it frustrated her a bit, her hopes to do what she wanted got smaller by every minute that passed. They talked about several stuff on their way like friends does.

On some point the redhead felt her need increase

“Oh, finally! I’m getting fuller!”, it wasn’t that what she wanted but a begin.

“I’m glad it’s that late. It isn’t that long to the castle anymore”

“Why you can’t just one time agree with me?”, Dalaria asked playful

“Because I didn’t want to get yourself in trouble!”

“Sometimes I hate do be born as princess..it have it good sides and bad sides”

“Like mostly everything”

“Yes, that’s true”

“But at least you didn’t only see the bad sides of it”

“Yes, I can’t say I didn’t have a good life here”, the redhead stopped and took a seat on the white bench who stay in the garden The maid didn’t wait long and sit beside her, take a look at the beautiful green grasslands, the flowers and look the leaves from the trees rustle in the soft summer wind.

“Yes, that’s true. But you do a good job on your duty’s. I bet you will be a good queen one day, only the man is left”

“Yeah, sometimes I really want to be in a relationship. But I didn’t find one who I really like. Sure, I meet a lot of males. But all of them are not how I imagination a man! I want a man who see my character, not my look or my status”

“Yeah I can imagine that finding a man who want you and not the throne isn’t easy at all. But I’m sure you find one who loves you for that who you are”

“I really hope so! May you can give me the bottle, please?”

Eilia grabbed the bottle which she placed besides her and give it to the princess who took a large sip from it

“Hows your need?”

“Get a bit stronger. But I think I began to late with drinking. I had to do this after breakfast already. I lost several hours”

“I thought you already planned this yesterday”, she laughed a bit

“No, I have to do something and forgot that they leave the house. Plus it’s uncommon that my parents are out, no wonder that I forgot about my chance”

They continue talking, Dalaria emptied the bottle during this. While talking she felt that her need got more and more stronger, she rubbed her legs together and kept talking like everything is normal. Eilia didn’t even notice this, after doing so much holds near her parents she was sneaky with her movements.

She knew how much she can move her body to make holding easier and didn’t catch any attention. By her actual need she would use the bathroom if her parents would be home. It was her casual state she waited before it would get to risky to continue holding. She didn’t know how much more she could handle and goes the safety way not to get caught.

More water make their way into the princess’s bladder and she now shows more visible movements that she had to go. Eilia never saw her this doing and she knew she was fuller than usual

“Oh my god this feels great, I last time felt this as a kid!”, now she knew that she can waited longer on her usual holds. She only need to hide her need better, the redhead noticed that Eilia notice it.

“Should we go back?”

“No, let’s chill here longer”, Dalaria grinned, and didn’t hide her movements. Eilia knew it anywhere, so why hide it?

Eilia didn’t know exactly how to stand with this situation. It was hard to do like nothing happens! But somehow they go back to talking, on a point the princess put a hand in her crotch and shift her seat, she was visible uncomfortable. Before the maid could ask about it they hear a door open and closed from the distance

“Oh no...Why they didn’t have came 30 minutes later?”, Dalaria said frustrating, knowing that she have to use the toilet now.

“Then let’s go home”, Eilia said and stand up from the bench, put the empty bottle under her arm again

Dalaria felt a few dribbles escaping in her undies while she stands up from the bench. It was her first time that something went into her pants and dampen then a bit.

“I think I have to make my plans on another day real..”, Dalaria sighed, while keep holding herself but put her hands away when they walked near the windows “I think I should drink more before I leave the castle next time”

“You really want to do this, huh?”

“Yes! I really want! But for now..let’s check if my parents are home already”

Eilia was happy that she didn’t wet herself on the walk. She didn’t even knew that Dalaria lose a few drops a few seconds before. All her hopes from a good ending got destroyed as she open the main door and saw the princess parents and some royal looking man.

“Oh, just the right time!”, the Queen said as both went in “Dalaria, this is the King from the other kingdom, you may know him. He want to talk with us, you should stay too and listen what he have to say”

“N-now?”, Dalaria asked, pressed her legs together

“Yes, now. Why you ask?”

“We do it now, he have more stuff to do at home. Now follow us. It will be helpful for you later when you listen the conversation”, her father said with a strict voice, letting Dalaria know he wouldn’t let discuss with him.

Oh oh...i knew it was a bad idea. I always knew that she get one day into trouble with that! I told her this every single time!

Eilia thought to herself, she just hoped for the princess that the conversation wasn’t that long ...

*007*2021-05-17 18:31

@wedgeantilles

Yeah sadly, last time I used to speak english was in school several years ago. Plus I was sick quite often there and never really was able to learn how to put the grammer right, my teacher also never thought it was important to explain it more than once. I wasn't the only one that struggled in the english lessons because of our teacher

But I doing online lessons when I got home from work, I hope this error will be fixed soon!

And this is a good tip, thank you! I see what you mean, when I was reading the chapter once again to check where this one ended I noticed a lot of wrong grammer which I didn't see when finished the text a few days earlier.

@AlmostWet

Thank you! I will update the story in the following days! ✌️

