Daddy’s Desperate

Author: idontknow123

*000*2017-12-29 16:38

Service stations in 2 miles and 56 miles. Daniel debated stopping off at the station in 2 miles because he had been in need of a piss for almost three hours of the five hours he had spent driving today. He glanced across at his 3 year old sleeping daughter Mabel. She looked so peaceful, he didn’t want to wake her up and get her out of the car risking a temper tantrum. Although he really could have done with relieving himself, at the last minute he decided to chance it and wait for the service station in 46 miles.

16 miles later Daniel was beginning to regret his decision. He really needed to pee now, all the water he’d drank to keep cool on this hot summer day had made its way to his bladder. He squeezed his thighs close together and turned the radio on as a distraction.

The radio didn’t act as much of a distraction, and half an hour later, with 21 miles left until services, he was beginning to worry about not making it to the service station on time. He really needed to pee, and was bobbing up and down slightly. In his head he tried to convince himself that he would be fine, a 36 year old man should be able to go more than four hours without wetting themselves. In fact a 36 year old man shouldn’t even worry about wetting themselves.

With another 12 miles left, a traffic jam appeared. ‘Oh shit’ thought Daniel, as he gave his penis a quick squeeze. He changed the channel on the radio and found out that he was sitting at the back of a 7 mile traffic jam which could take up to 35 minutes to get through. This was exactly what he needed.

After 15 minutes, Daniel was regretting his decision to pass the last service station. He was now jiggling up and down, struggling not to wet himself as he couldn’t hold his throbbing penis or cross his legs. Daniel looked out of his window and saw a young boy peeing into the fields. The sight made him almost lose control of his own bladder. He so desperately wanted to relieve himself in the same way and wished he was a young kid again.

Daniel was so focused on his own desperation that he didn’t notice Mabel had woken up. He was now driving with one hand on the wheel and one hand squeezing his penis as tightly as he could.

“Daddy” Mabel said “I need a wee”

Daniel looked over at Mabel who was sitting with both her hands pressed against her crotch.

“Okay baby, we’ll stop off at the next station and get you to a toilet, okay? Do you think you can hang on until then?”

“Okay Daddy” Mabel replied, nodding her head.

Daniel was increasingly worried about both his own desperate need to urinate and his daughter’s. Although generally pretty good, Mabel had had a few accidents in the past.

”Mabel sweetie, you will tell Daddy if you can’t hold it in anymore won’t you darling?”

“Yes Daddy” she obediently replied.

Daniel carried on driving, although he was sure walking would have been faster at this point. His bladder ached and he began to sympathise with Mabel who had been asleep for 6 hours and hadn’t peed for that entire time. Although she hadn’t quite drank as much as he had, she was still well hydrated and 6 hours was a long time to go without a bathroom break for a three year old. Her small body wouldn’t be able to hold on as long. He was really desperate himself and desperately craved relief. He placed his hand over his bladder which had become almost rock hard with all the fluids of the day. He was beginning to sweat due to the pain and intensity of his desperation.

“Daddy” Mabel began “I really really need a wee”

“Okay sweetheart, it shouldn’t be too much longer now” he said, trying not to pee himself.

“But Daddy, I need a wee now”

Mabel was squirming in her chair, her legs crossed tightly and her hands pressed between her legs.

“Okay Princess” Daniel said, planning to pull over and let her urinate on the roadside. He knew that this would increase his desperation by a tenfold, but he couldn’t resist Mabel from the relief she could obtain due to her young age. Daniel had hoped for a more hidden area so that he could relieve himself too. In the traffic it was really difficult to move into the other lanes.

“Daddyyyy” Mabel moaned, squirming around crazily.

“Hold on Mabel, you can do this baby, keep holding on” Daniel said, moving his hand off his penis, sending a wave of intense desperation. He put his hand over Mabel’s leg and attempted to calm her.

Daniel had missed his opportunity to stop off, seeing that the traffic jam was over and there was no hard shoulder for the next 6 miles, with the service station now just 4 miles away. Daniel picked up the speed.

“Mabel honey I need you to hold on just a few more minutes, okay? I know it hurts but I need you to do this okay?”

Mabel squealed and squirmed “Daddy I can’t hold it in my wee is coming out Daddy stop!”

”I can’t stop here honey, but you just need to wait a few more minutes and we will be at the toilets, okay? Can you do that?”

Daniel felt really guilty and wished he could help Mabel. Mabel promised to try to hold on.

Daniel was dying for a piss himself and couldn’t wait to get to the toilets. Although most of his attention was being focused on maintaining bladder control, he did keep glancing over at Mabel, who was turning red in the face.

Mabel began to cry.

“It’s okay Mabes, sweetpea, you’re doing really well. You’re such a good girl Mabel, I love you”

“I need a wee weeeeeee” Mabel sobbed.

Daniel was so desperate himself that he almost missed the junction for the service stations, and had to turn off very suddenly. It was a really tense moment and Daniel started to think he might not make it off the motorway in time.

He was following sign posts towards the service station and battling his own desperation. David could not remember the last time he had needed to pee so badly, and didn’t want to think about little Mabel going through the same thing. Mabel was still crying and had started to say “I need a weeee” over and over again.

Daniel drove round the car park looking for somewhere to park his car. He was growing increasingly annoyed with Mabel as her moaning prevented him from trying to ignore his own need. He didn’t let on to his annoyance, constantly praising her for being so good.

He found a parking spot and pulled up, quickly running out of the car and scooping Mabel up. He ran into the service station, Mabel’s leg bouncing off his bladder with each step.

They made it inside and saw two signposts, one pointing left saying LADIES and one pointing right saying GENTLEMEN. Daniel ran towards the right and got to the toilets. Mabel saw the men’s room sign

“I’m not a boy Daddy”

“I know, honey but it’s okay just for today”

“I’m not using the men’s toilet Daddy”

Daniel didn’t have time for this today. He knew Mabel would throw a tantrum so he scooped her up again and took her to the ladies. There was a huge queue, but luckily the women took mercy on her and let her jump the queue.

Daniel waited outside, crossing his legs and almost doubled over. When Mabel was done she came out and Daniel tried to pick her back up.

“No Daddy, I can walk now.”

“Okay walk fast then”

”where are we going daddy?”

“Daddy needs a wee too”

Daniel and Mabel approached the men’s room and Daniel finally got the relief he so desperately craved.

