Fire Emblem: Three Houses - The Mage Prodigy

Author: Ion

*000*2021-12-14 15:25

Fire Emblem: The Mage Prodigy

Part 1

The Garreg Mach monastery was a truly beautiful sight to behold and a masterpiece of stone craftsmanship. The Fódlan mountains fortified the defensible position for the monastery to be tucked away in the hills, a stronghold with a paramount strategic location. Managing to avoid being owned and governed by the three territories, the church of Seiros and academy were home to many powerful knights. Although during the day it was a bustling flurry of students, teachers, and staff, at night the monastery had an eerie stillness to it. A sereneness that was equal parts unsettling and comforting. The commotion of training, preparations, and classes would end later in the afternoon, followed by even the reception hall by the time 10PM had come.

It had just crept past the hour of midnight and the diligent work of the students left many not having the energy to stay awake late into the night. The new day would bring its own efforts and few wanted to wake not being ready to receive it. Even for students, not many ever had need to sneak out late into the night further than each other's rooms. Tonight was an exception.

The white-haired Lysithea gingerly tread in the empty hallway with a large brass lantern guiding her way in the darkened halls. With the coolness of autumn, there was a crispness to the night's air and troubling fog that lingered in the courtyard. Her lavender eyes anxiously peered about the courtyard, surprising even herself with how afraid she was. If you were caught outside at night there were hardly any consequences from an academic perspective given the school's size, yet the fear of the dark was what Lysithea truly dreaded.

Arms shaking nervously, she held up the heavy lantern to cast light down the stone hallway to expose no monsters lurking within, yet still no more comforting. As she shifted the lantern back, the darkness consumed the pathway once again. A pair of nervous tears ran down her cheeks, highlighting just how distressed this late night trip had made her. A panic-stricken part of her wanted to retreat to the known warmth and comfort of her room, but there was magic to learn. Lysithea persisted.

While usually very well kept and proper, for sneaking out she opted for a less formal outfit since comfort and warmth were the only important priorities. She had a rather bland light blue sweater and dark undershirt beneath to keep her warm with a thick, maroon accompanying scarf wrapped around her neck. Lysithea had slipped on dark leggings to make sure all of her skin was covered from the autumn night's breeze along with a thin set of gloves and lightly-furred slippers. The outfit exuded the essence of warm comfort. Additionally she had a leather satchel in tow for books and tools for taking notes.

Time was finite. There were books to read and concepts to master, sleep at times was an unnecessary sacrifice of the excess. Lysithea was working on a schedule now, twice a week to sneak off to the library for 4 hours of study in the middle of the night, then to return, rest, and be prepared for the next day's classes. All of this to supplement the education and extra library time already dedicated towards her analysis. Despite having done this once before, the obscurity of night still terrified her in an abysmal way. The dreadful echoes of her footsteps offered little remorse. The young student felt her body tense with a cold apprehension as her willpower barely fought through an urge to retreat. Lysithea drew in a deep encouraging breath and continued along, trying her best to shrug off the unease. She whispered to herself as she continued, maybe to distract from the cowardice she could openly admit, "I can do this, I am not a little girl anymore."

It was a poor showing. Despite being well-intended to give herself needed confidence, her expression soured as she realized how childish it sounded. Her mind wandered to how many students still called her a little girl, a child, it was aggravating. Sure, she was a student, but an incredibly talented caster and had even begun to help instruct other students. Lysithea was top in her class of Reason magics and was able to wield in a way that few could. The offensive magic felt so natural and ingrained in her apt hands, modesty aside she felt already an expert. A little confidence was never a bad thing. She would show them.

The mage's diligent studies were hardly the only changes that had taken place. While the white-haired girl was still plagued with her short height, she had filled out with curves and in ways that no one could deny she had grown up. Often she obscured these details with plain and veiling clothes, but occasionally it would become known. People seemed to interact with her in different ways since these changes, but these were mere distractions from the vast unexplored world of magic that remained out there. It was still nice to hear that she was admired however and left a confused envy when the other girls would be so fawned on.

"Come on, come on", she whispered and half-whimpered to herself, as if that would make the trip faster. Finally, she arrived at the stairwell leading up to the library. Her lantern was pulled in as closely as it could to her body without getting burned, the scared girl clinging to it like a cherished doll for the sympathy to the darkness it provided. The motion brought her mind back to the atrocious event when she first came to the monastery that her fear of monsters and of the dark cost her dearly.

Memory, years earlier:

When she was younger and new to the monastery, it was such a dramatic shift from anything she had known before. From a majority of the students she was mocked heavily for her appearance and the dark rumors of her that had never ceased to be, but there was one she could confide in, Bernadetta. The two had been assigned to room together and their friendship was simple and warming, yet in comparison to the unkind words of all of the others, it was a cherished bond for Lysithea. Their dorm room was a safe haven and Bernadetta seemed to feel equally. In their first month however, Lysithea became aware of how inviting the campus was during the day and separately how much of a scary place it transformed into at night.

Despite her current predicament, she avoided being out past 8PM for the first few years she was at Garreg strictly out of fear. On a late summer night, the white-haired girl woke in her bed in the dead of night to a chaotic thunderstorm roaring outside and a desperate need to pee. Her hands held the grey bedsheets with a cold, vise-like grip and trying to urge her body to move, but terror kept her locked in place. The harsh winds made ghastly and terrible noises, howling and whistling just outside their door. She considered waking Bernadetta who was somehow able to stay asleep, though instead focused on building the courage to go outside, use the restroom, and run back to bed.

That courage never came as the need grew and grew, Lysithea soon sweating from fear and anxiety. A loud and sudden crash outside their door made her body's decision for her as all of the pent up fluid in her body came rushing out to her dismay. Still gripping the sheets in shock, the pee poured out of her uncontrollably adding a second horror to the one she was already experiencing. Her bladder released unhindered into the soft bedding beneath her with a quiet, but present hiss to make sure she was aware of the reality. Bernadetta half-woke to the loud disruption outside, groggily asking if Lysithea was okay, but before hearing a response she drifted back to sleep unaware of what was happening in the bed next to her.

Lysithea still in a panic and too terrified to move even in the mess she had made, eventually drifted off to sleep, only to expectedly wake to the cold, damp, and regrettable bed. The next morning Bernadetta helped her secretly clean the sheets and vowed to keep it private, meanwhile consoling Lysithea for her accident. In a clear sign of good character, Bernadetta the following night had an "accident" too, but even to Lysithea it was obvious that Bernadetta purposefully spilled water to make her feel better. Regardless, it still worked.

Back to the present, to her current situation. She was somehow able to muster the strength to travel alone at night now, yet the fears lingered. Even in defiance of being treated like a child and with the embarrassing memory fresh in her mind, it was tough to deny the dread in every step. If only Byleth was here with her, holding her hand to soothe and console. Their tough, calloused hand to...

"No!", she yelled briefly, immediately quieting herself and the strange and sudden want. She would not even want them to see her like this.

"That's not it, I don't have feelings for them." Lysithea's voice made her seem scarcely convinced. Continuing up the steps, her purple eyes could only see darkness ahead.

"I am not afraid. There is nothing to fear.", the words were half-hearted at best. Well, maybe a little comfort would be okay right now.

Part 2 soon.

*001*2021-12-15 14:15

Lysithea gingerly continued up the brisk stone stairs, the scuffing of her slippers echoing throughout the stairwell on her journey upwards. The white-haired girl's mind wandered to the joys of learning crests, magic, and arithmetic, only a fraction of the trove that awaited her in the library ahead. Arriving at the top of the steps, the lantern showed the next hurdle had been cleared, the closed library doors in all its glory stood before her. A shiver of eager anticipation ran through her body, nerves on edge. The bronze inlay designs on the thick wooden doors reflected back a cherished warmth to her morale and giving the young girl a strong sense of accomplishment for making it this far. She was here. She made it. Alone and against her biggest fear regardless of how many times she considered retreating.

Pacing slowly and cautiously, she approached the door and set the lantern down. Her small frame made a strong, full-effort pull necessary to gain access. Lysithea gripped the handles to give a sturdy pull and force both doors open paired with a short, strained grunt. The wooden doors gave way, opening to click into place with their mechanisms and revealing even more darkness inside. After the doors set in place and in the shroud of darkness ahead, a loud clamorous noise came suddenly from directly inside.

Instinctively Lysithea shrieked and hopped backwards, terror dousing any courage she had managed to muster. Her chest was heaving with deep and panicked breaths certainly not good for subtlety as she jumped up against the side wall to await what monster had found its prey. A forlorn and pathetic whimper was trying to escape her lips, although she was somehow able to contain it. In a moment that seemed to last an eternity, everything with exception of the panting Lysithea remained silent. No response. The stone was so incredibly cold against her back and a necessary sacrifice for her safety.

A short, cold breeze that came from the room made her aware of the distressed sweat on her body and the suddenly realization that her leggings had become selectively chilled as well. Did she...? The realization set in as an unanticipated wet warmth clicked into her senses, fortunately enough still too frightened to register shame. The faint and familiar smell of pee lingered for a moment as if she needed confirmation of her misconduct. The brief warmth was quickly changing to a disgraceful briskness. There was nowhere to hide here. Deciding to act immediately she rushed forward and quickly snapped up the lantern from the floor, holding it defensively in front of her.

In a hoarse and cowardly voice she spoke, "H-hello?" Lysithea took a calculated step forward, uncomfortably becoming more aware of the sizable wet patch at her crotch and small damp streak running down her right leg. It was not a full accident by far, yet enough to make it clear it was more than a short burst. Regrettably this was not the first time her bladder had made its own decision against her will due to her anxious nerves nor would it be the last. Despite being strong-willed in magic, her physical body carried its own shortcomings.

"Show yourself." Her empty and shaken words. She would instantly cry if anyone challenged her now.

Another step forward revealed her devious culprit, a few books and a broom lay scattered all over the floor. Holding the lantern high she scanned the far corners of the room to see no monster, no bandit, no students, no one. A heavy sigh escaped her lips, nearly bringing her to a few traumatized tears. Her muscles relaxed and anxiety lessened. The young student moved to the large doors to peer outside with the lantern, catching an unfortunate reflection of some of the wet drops that she had left on the stone floor. What a horrible secret the floor would keep. Lysithea closed the doors and moved to light the simple torches of the room to give a soft, low, and peaceful light. The unknown was becoming a sanctuary once again. The trek was complete and it was time to reap the fruits of her exhausting journey.

She reached into her satchel for a fresh set of panties and small towel to pad the fresh, wet material of her leggings to spare what she could and change. She cursed to herself, wishing this was the first time these measures had to be taken. Truth be told, which she never would, she carried a spare set of panties in case of emergencies like this, yet another mark for her in the category of being a child. After cleaning up and with all modesty aside, she stripped down, changed to the dry pair knowing these had to stay that way as there were no more spare. As gross as it felt, there was no turning back and her leggings were scarcely damp now.

*002*2021-12-16 08:47

"I am NOT a little kid. They'll have no choice but to respect me for my efforts." There was clearly a defensiveness from the student who had unwillingly peed herself moments earlier. Stubbornly, she pouted in denial.

Although seemingly in defense, it was a personal pep talk to the patches of darkness that kept her company in the study. The creeping fear of the dark and unknown tugged again at her nerves, but stark will and perseverance came to her aid. Lysithea held up the lantern and examined the area around her, as if to check once more for creatures lurking in the shadows. The library was the place that she knew best, but at night it felt like a thoroughly new room.

Lysithea boldly started, "Even if. the room.", only to slowly melt away to her insecurity. Her deep and lively lavender-red eyes anxiously drifted to the distant corners and their wide shadows. Every piece of furniture in the room seem to cast a menacing shade. Apprehension and dread lured a few renewed droplets of sweat to her face, a worry of what lurked in the darkness now surrounding her save the dim light of a lantern and torches. The flames gave a decent feeling of sanctuary with books and knowledge as her comfort blanket to calm and ease. An unsettling churn of her stomach let the student of House Ordelia know that her fear was still deeply rooted and while falsely not admitting to others, knew the fret filled her with a regrettable dismay.

With her denial now gone, only study could distract her. The academy was her purpose for being here and all of the knowledge she so desperately craved surrounded her in written form. While the lantern flame was of small comfort, the towering stack of tomes beside her quelled the fear much more readily. Lysithea's apprehension was slowly being replaced with an eagerness of learning.

For two hours the young girl set to work, soon strolling around the room with a confidence unlike before, enveloped in a renewed passion. The cold, shadowy room now felt welcoming and brimming with potential. The white-haired student stacked books all over the main desk to sift through with various bookmarks and notebooks at the ready. She was diligent in her research and chipper in her mood, a complete transformation from hours earlier. Lysithea sat in the librarian's grand mahogany chair detailed with red fabric and gold design for her research. Normally this was off limits, but as long as she was respectful there would be no harm in it. The incident from earlier was dry enough there was no risk to the chair.

She hopped up on the large cushioned chair, taking up very little space on it and sinking partly into the soft padding. The mage begin flipping through her recent finds, sprawling several books across the table.

A tattered teal book titled Magic and Interactions with the Wild showed methods to pull strong and natural power from the ground itself. A tome of thunder sat beside it, dusted and plainly untouched in ages.

There was a book, by time or force torn in two sections, called The Lunar Extract that detailed methods to draw strength from the moon and its connection to the world. Lysithea had thumbed through this before, but it warranted diligent follow-up.

The most curious of all that she had found was a moderately sized 300 page book tucked back behind a full row of books along the back shelf, seemingly hidden and obscured from the rest. It had a deep purple cover with pages clearly torn or partially destroyed within it. The title on the cover and binding had been seemingly scratched out purposefully and difficult to determine. This piqued her interest the most, an unknown and coveted treasure. This book would be returning to her dorm for further study, it felt as if it was off the beaten path. Inside of the cover the author had scripted only a single letter, 'R'. Even more mystery.

The book had many unique and bizarre spells described within, many in patterns and with methods Lysithea had not known possible. The condition of the book however, made many of them difficult to understand what they were capable or the components they consisted. Some of the pages were frayed and falling apart, others torn out, and some wholly missing. The white-haired girl turned about midday through the book and stopped suddenly. A Reason spell for support? But the components looked nothing like the spells she knew now, they were elaborate and drew from shadow, but in such a distinct way it was worth jotting down a few notes. The frustration increased when she turned to the page with the spell description, all of it water logged or scratched out. She could only vaguely make out key words for what the spell actually did.

"Hm, that's strange." as her brow furrowed in contemplation. "Maybe I could bring a new threat to the field. Maybe Byleth would see me." She cut herself off before she could finish.

Lysithea cleared her throat and read aloud the words she could manage to read:

You __ ___ last ally you cast ___ __ spell on will ___ ____ __ ____ ___ __ . The caster ___ feel a ____ of ____ ____ ____ while the ally _____ over ____ __ any distance. They will ___ __ _ ___ surge of ____ ____ ____. For 30 minutes ____ _ ____ ___ to ___ compelled ___ and make a ___ _ ____.

"Hm. It's a support spell, right? Should be no harm in testing it out now. Says here it only lasts 30 minutes and Bernadetta is asleep, she won't even notice since the spell says it'll affect her too."

Lysithea rubbed her hands together in sheer excitement. It was a master artisan ready to mold clay, untapped potential awaited.

"Time to see what this can do. The spell is called.", she paused, scanning the page for any indication of name.

"Omoretsia."

*003*2021-12-17 03:01

"A peculiar name for a spell." With her pointer finger she tapped her bottom lip as a habit of deep thought.

"A shield of dark energy? Maybe an enhancement of other magics?". The ambition in her tone of voice was explicit. She had a yearning to discover this old spell, then compounded with the imperative curiosity to reveal the book comprehensively. Lysithea's hungry lavender eyes ran through the page start to finish once more, ensuring no minor details were missed.

"Based on the diagrams of runes", as she traced the lines of the scribed runes with her fingers on the dated page, continuing, "It appears it can be cast at varying strengths, level 1 being the weakest and level 5 being the strongest. It can be cast only twice per month based on its design. Hm. That's certainly a strange limitation."

Lysithea drew a deep inhale in preparation for the actual test, "Well, let's find out what this does. Level 1 seems a good place to start."

She pushed all of the other books to the side in order to clear a large swath for the secretive tome, it was time for spellcasting. An excitement difficult to describe was welling within her stomach, her legs occasionally bouncing out of keen anticipation. In long and meticulous gestures she moved her hands, precisely as instructed by the book. Line by line and rune by rune the spell was woven until the tapestry of magic had been completed. With her graceful skill once she thoroughly read the materials, the effort was minimal.

The spell almost seems to slip from her hands in a playful way, its potency faint and almost undetectable. A streaking blue glow coiled around her hands and danced around her fingers before creating a large glowing ring around her body at the waist. The ring lingered for a moment, before slowly fading from sight.

<Omoretsia: Level 1>

For minutes she sat in the stilled dim lighting of the room, waiting. Watching. Listening. Feeling. Sensing. The flame within the lantern flickered for a moment, but nothing seemed to change. The blue glow of the runes had indicated that the spell had been recognized and completed, yet here she sat with no indication of such. The sheer disappointment was palpable.

"Maybe it's a weakened spell and the effects are so minor I cannot tell?"

She turned over her hands, studying them as if an answer would immediately jump out to exclaim itself. Any other spell would have taken affect by now. The book that originally felt like a discovered lost treasure now felt it would be more suited as a doorstop.

The Golden Deer student sighed greatly, her disappointment absolute, "It seems this spell is not finished or too weak, maybe they all are."

Lysithea put her head back down to sift through the remainder of the book and see if anything in it could be salvaged. The glint in her eyes had begun to fade with such a potent lead dismissed, "Guess I can investigate if there are any that work in this book, maybe magic has changed in some drastic way to make these incompatible."

It was incredibly subtle, but within minutes a sensation was lightly prodding her. Difficult to pinpoint, but clearly present. Gradually, studying the material became increasingly more difficult to focus on over the next few minutes, hinting to her that the spell's unknown effects were beginning to make themselves known. Maybe it had worked and there was hope.

"Oh?", again attempting to hone in on what was happening, but not able to pick out anything distinctly. Maybe there was an ember still left in the magic she could salvage. Lysithea's thrill quickly returned. Sitting there in silence, she tried to trace the sensation, waiting until something more substantial came to her attention. It would come minutes later, a strange and unfamiliar sensation ran through Lysithea's system breaking focus once more. A stirring warmth blossomed from inside her body, putting every nerve on end.

"I feel a very slight change in alertness. Improved awareness?"

Lysithea grazed her finger on the quill pen as she prepared to take notes, flinching slightly more than normal at the tickle of the feather.

"Heightened sensitivity?"

Taking a quill pen, the heir to House Ordelia scribbled a few brief notes on the observation. Newly discovered spell of Reason? The professor would be so impressed with her diligence and research to learn new magic. A soft smile deliberately made its way to her face at the thought of receiving their praise while waiting if any other effects would surface. It felt freeing to so brazenly show her emotions with only an empty library to judge as audience. Byleth was so silent and precise with their thoughts, yet the mystery just pulled Lysithea in an almost obsession she would never admit. So often she was written off as naturally gifted, but the green haired professor was one of the few to respect her efforts in study. Soon after attending their classes, she had become surprisingly okay with their tacit gaze set on her. In fact, she wanted them to look.

Maybe they recognized that she was no longer the little girl that once pranced the halls of Garreg Mach Monastery, but now a talented and grown woman. Subconsciously she arched her back, pressing out her chest to prove of coming into a slightly more filled form as if to entice the non-present Byleth. The thought of captivating them with her body sent a tickling wave of stimulation to wash over her.

"No, no, no, focus. FOCUS." She shook her head as if to get the thoughts out, causing the white strands of her hair to scatter. Assessing the spell's impacts once again, there was now a noticeable warmth to her body and strangely pleasant sensation building in her, although dull. It had an inviting and alluring feeling that was difficult to deny. She became aware of a negligible call to use the restroom. But was that always there? Likely had been there, just disregarded in her eagerness to discover this spell. Lysithea wrote it down just in case. Oftentimes when infatuated with studying Lysithea would find herself blindsided with a sudden and urgent need to go, yet the signs were continually given to her and ignored. When studying, the rest of the world was usually a far-reach from her mind absorbing all of its new information.

"Ah. Arousal? Or is that. From me?" Spoken from the mouth of a logical mind. Despite being the obvious solitary person in the library, a deep blush crept over her cheeks at the not-so-public indignity. After a moment's consideration, she jotted down arousal under the new spell's effects. Even though she penned the word by her own hand, Lysithea sheepishly avoided reading into it over. "It is the spell. Likely." The Yellow Deer student cleared her throat, half convinced.

The book was very unclear how potent the magics were and if there was anything she had learned in her studies, Reason could present powerful results. Dipping the quill to re-ink, Lysithea wrote additional observations of the timing and duration. If all of these were correct, what would this spell even be used for? To stop combat from occurring? The imagery of this spell being cast on a battlefield was uncomfortable to visualize, maybe the tome was hidden for this very reason. What else could this book contain?

The mage's nerves soon felt like they were humming at a very low frequency as the spell suddenly reduced to a mere simmer and then ended. Then the realization all dawned on her at once. It was then she realized the blush on her cheeks, the sweat dampening her forehead, and the short breaths escaping her. How did it happen so quickly? Now she could understand the darker side of this magic and grasp its enticing danger. The call was intoxicating and Lysithea could not deny she was intrigued. While the young student was a renowned expert in the realm of magic, the amount of time spent in the academy left her lacking close connections with others and naturally with it, intimacy. There was a dull, but pleasureful haze buzzing in her head and urging her to try it again. The spell had just faded and a cold, harsh, and immediate withdrawal hit her heavily.

She could only cast it one more time in the next month by the spell's description.

The analyst inside of her begged to know its full potential and the lonely recluse inside of her longed for more pleasure, despite the potential risks. With very little hesitation she began tracing the runes of the spell, this time amplifying it to the 5th and strongest level. Both her mind and her body craved to know what more the spell could hold, to see what it was capable of doing. This would be the last time she could cast it for a month, so being alone in the library she had an opportunity that she could hardly pass up. Lysithea felt a pang of shame as her lust was able to override her logic for probably the first time in her life. While there was research to do and a desire to learn the spell completely, she knew she was doing this for herself. To finally acknowledge all of the pent-up desires she had been feeling for Byleth. The white-haired girl held her hands out to begin preparing for the spell.

<Omoretsia: Level 5>

*005*2021-12-17 16:22

{{8 hours ago, Bucketman said:

I really like the descriptions of darkness in this. Plus, the concept sounds like it’s gonna be a lot of fun. Always love more fe content.

}}

Thank you, I am trying to improve as a writer so if there's anything you enjoy or have feedback on I'd love to know!

I absolutely agree there's always room for more FE, sadly I have pretty limited exposure outside of Three houses and Awakening. Petra, Lysithea, and Bernadetta are easily my favorites.

*006*2021-12-18 15:02

The blue glow of the magical runes returned, but this time with a brilliant shimmer that lit up even the darkest shadows of the library. At least in the moment, the imaginary monsters lurking in the darkness were banished although her fears had temporarily been cast aside. The runes displayed prominently in the air before spiraling all around Lysithea's body, coiling around her waist. There was no turning back now, the spell was now complete. Witnessing its whirling energies around her body briefly removed the cloud of haze in her mind from lust and inquisitive thought. Bernadetta. Although the book was vague, unless she was out of the spell's range back in her dorm it could be influencing her as well. Lysithea quietly cursed her selfishness in not considering it earlier and the frivolousness in its thought now as the spell was realized. The spell was taking its course.

In a second flash of blue light the runes suddenly disappeared sending a warmth all throughout her body and then in an instant, as before, doused. The shadowed obscurity of the room excluding the torches and lantern took over once again.

Flipping to the next page of her notebook, the young girl began detailing all of the visual effects of the spell and desperately itching for its sensation to return. Lysithea's body craved the tingles of her nerves and exhilarating pleasure, teased from the first cast. Still writing diligently, she bit her lower lip in a roused expectancy. For a consistently sound and logical student, in these late quiet hours of the night her inhibitions were quickly melting away to reveal a side she had never knew before. If anything, the spell was feeling as a bizarre catalyst for rejecting her desire for physical contact for so long and letting it well within her. Lysithea's body ached with a primal want, her dampness already beginning to saturate the fresh panties.

The young mage stopped writing as a sensation started to run throughout her body.

"It started much faster this time, 5th level must be more potent." She gulped nervously hoping that she had made a reasonable decision.

She had expected a building lust and sensitivity, though was greeted with an entirely different signal.

What was happening?

It was a sensation that could not parallel anything she had experienced before. Lysithea sat, quill ready to write, yet trying to appraise what was unfolding. In an instant it felt like a pool of water was being emptied within her body, a sloshing fullness in her stomach and bladder. As if there was an unseen faucet that just opened to its full release inside the poor girl.

Restroom.

Now. By the second she could feel the welling fluid, already past the point of feeling uncomfortable. The panic running through her mind could hardly register the mistake she had made.

For what little logic her mind could cling to, proactive versus reactive seemed to be a fine line between success and failure. Lysithea stood up abruptly from the chair, both hands planted on the wooden desk in front of her. The short girl had her share of wetting accidents before and if she did not move this would be another for her list. The urgency caused her feet to shuffle back and forth in place, the tapping of her slippers on the wooden floor distracting. An honest mistake to disregard what was one of the earlier spell effects, but the consequences of the lapse in judgment were now being felt. Hesitating now would mean immensely drenched leggings, slippers, floor, and chair.

"No, no, no, no." While her voice was usually calm and collected, that of a competent scholar, it had swiftly been reduced to that of a pleading child. Her body quivered with its new urgent task and instant strain, but where could she go?

She had to find a place to pee.

Now.

*008*2021-12-18 20:21

{{6 minutes ago, Bucketman said:

Ah. I definitely recommend some of the older games though.

By the way, is this meant to be pre or post-timeskip?

}}

I'll have to check out some of the old games, let me know if there are any in particular you recommend!

This is post-time skip for age reasons because it will get a bit graphic. There are two things to note though:

1. The post-time skip as you know gets a bit of grit/darker tone, I kept this a little bit lighter in tone because while there are chaotic things occurring in the story the characters still have downtime to study, attend classes, and socialize.

2. I am not really trying to bring the main storyline too much into this because there are people who have not progressed enough or not played the game and did not want to provide any major spoilers. I try to be as vague as I can with the main story mentions for that reason.

*009*2021-12-18 21:39

Standing there a pained groan left her mouth, begging for an easy solution to her problem to be present. A chamber pot, the spell to break, teleport spell, something, anything.

"Please", she implored to no one in particular, maybe for fate to deal her a saving grace. Fate was not so kind or was conversely too kind.

A new and overbearing weight pressed insistently on her bladder, sending every signal that it was time to act. Lysithea's left hand instinctively darted to hold herself and prevent a critical release of urine before her mind could register what was happening and muscles could control. The young mage pressed forcefully with her hand, trying anything to stem to flow that was already about to erupt. The bulge of her bladder was beginning to press against her thick leggings and make itself known. Lysithea subconsciously began to shift her hips slightly to the sides in desperation, her pee dance still somehow humiliating despite no witnesses. The movement a sheer signal of distress. None of this behavior felt in line with full grown adult that she claimed to be, even if due to the influence of magic.

Although the fortunes were briefly kind to her, granting a momentarily thought of clarity in this dire time. There WAS a spare chamberpot tucked under the main librarian's desk in front of her, only feet away from where she stood. During the first day of class the instructor had mentioned it in case of emergency and when absolutely needed. This met the requirements. At the time Lysithea belittled the need for it in arrogance and stubbornness, yet now grateful for it as a sole, potential savior to her plight.

Lysithea had heard rumor of a boy from the older class having to shamefully use it in front of his peers, yet strangely no name disclosed. In the small library, the sound of a chamberpot being used would be impossible to avoid, subtlety impossible. After her own past accidents she could really sympathize with his humiliation and the mocking that would surely follow. The girl of house Ordelia only hoped that he had someone there to console him as Bernadetta did for her.

It would take one quick motion to reach underneath the massive desk in front of her and grab the chamber pot, then position it below with no chance for dignity. Her other free hand would have to stop holding and bring down her black leggings and peach-colored panties to the floor in one swift maneuver. Her tactical mind began playing out the perfect movement, understanding as seconds counted that any mistake could be devastating. Meanwhile the liquid seemed as if it continued to flow guided by magic inside of her body, only with less and less place to be filled. The pressure was continuing to advance, soon developing into a struggled pain as she tried to preserve control.

*011*2021-12-19 17:41

There was no choice, she had to move or face sodden consequences. A cautionary shiver went up her spine, eager for its release. The mental procedure to use the chamber pot was planned and had to start now. Or else.

In a blur of fast motion the panicked Lysithea pushed the massive chair backwards to give her better space to find the coveted pot, then while holding herself still, crawled under the desk to try and find it in the partial darkness. Normally this feat would terrify her, but there was a more realized soaking horror at the moment. Her legs were now making contact with the frigid wooden floor and even through the padded leggings this gave a new tension to her body. It was peculiar that she still had a reasonable control of her thoughts, the lower level version of the spell brought an inviting lust. Was that still yet to come? There was no time to even consider.

It was only seconds before she found the bland cream-colored ceramic pot, thrilled by the easy find and ecstatic that a small victory was achieved. Now on her hands and knees under the desk, the bloat in her agonized bladder seemed to make itself more noticeable pressing downwards. Lysithea had felt at full capacity moments ago, yet somehow her muscles and body continued to fight, locked in a hold. The caster's left hand was pressing harshly into her mound as her right hand balanced her body. Now it was the left hand's time to move and moment of wet truth. A precise movement of her hand and wrist left their post and flipped to slip down her panties and leggings to the back of her knees in one action. Startlingly enough the girl of House Ordelia had not leaked, a major feat with her notoriously weak bladder and rewarding her with no resistance as she pulled her clothes down.

The cold air hit her now exposed skin in a dreadful, tickling way. Half-naked, bottomless, alone in the library in the middle of the night. How did this happen? A new warmth stirred in her nerves, a touch of pleasure in a sea of pain. Arousal, but certainly not from the spell.

From behind her, Lysithea heard the sudden deafening thrum of the pee now leaving her body with force. There was no time to react, she was peeing on the floor. While on her hands and knees under the desk. Like a dog. There was a numbness in her bladder from such an extensive strain to hold and consequently as soon as her womanhood was exposed it had begun to release against her will. The sensation finally caught up to her brain of the surrender her body made the decision to give. There were no drops or leaks, just a partially hindered flow freeing itself from her body and immediately pooling on the floor. Within seconds, the pool of urine had expanded to her legs on the ground resulting in her thick leggings instantly absorbing the torrid piss. Due to bundled anxiety and excitement, her body heaved in short breaths, anticipating the now imminent and impending torrent.

"Ah, stop! Almost. There." An unheard plea to her body. Now that the release had caught up to her nerves, the sensation was intoxicating. There was an aroused longing to let it all go, to relax, and give in. To finalize the plan, Lysithea pulled the ceramic pot underneath her backside, slipping in through the fresh puddle she was still actively making on the wooden floor below. The sound showed the mission was a success, as the patter of liquid on wood changed to the ringing echo of pee filling the chamber pot.

And now, to enjoy. The mage of Reason could not deny the perverse want of this moment. In a freeing moment, Lysithea let loose all of the frantic control held previously. The flow quickly pooled within the pot as her bladder started to pour all of its warm contents out of her. She was soon panting and her chest heaving as a blissful pleasure wracked her body, how could this sort of thing do this to her? There was a gratifying moan that escaped her mouth, surprising even Lyisthea. Even the ridiculousness of the scenario could not dismiss how pleasing it felt as her body continued to empty.

*012*2021-12-19 21:36

It did not take long for the bottom of the ceramic chamber pot to be covered as the clear stream continued to pour. The sound had changed to the splash of liquid making contact with liquid and a testament to just how much the poor girl had been containing in her body. Most of it traveled directly into the positioned pot, but flecks of urine and the occasional streak would run down her legs disobediently. Her bladder reveled in the freedom as it slowly began to contract to a more reasonable size, the bulge already beginning to diminish. With her hands and knees on the wooden floor, a similar buzz in Lysithea's head began to hum sparked by a new hunger. Her fingers curled into her palms as the pleasure coursed through her form once more.

"Yes." She craved, giving into the carnal call for submission to her body's needs. Lysithea let out a loud gasp, being overtaken by her prurient state of mind. She could smell the faint odor of her mess and perceive the lingering warm wetness in her leggings, yet her interest seemed to be elsewhere. The shame and filth of her accident seem to fade away to be addressed later. The white-haired girl's body finished emptying into the chamber pot as her abdomen were now sore and aching, yet more than ever she yearned for touch. The natural warmth of her body had easily outdone the chill of the empty library. Lysithea stayed on all fours for a moment, soaking in the pleasure and strangeness of her accident.

Pulling up her partially dry leggings and panties, the cold wet material now was uncomfortably clinging to parts of her skin. She lifted her head cautiously and carefully and backed up to soon be standing in front of the desk once again, slippers splashing in the small puddle below her. The young woman studied the purple book's pages realizing it had a different kind of potential as another stimulated groan snuck past her lips.

Lysithea once again sat in the librarian's chair, still damp for her misdeed, but ready to focus what little of her mind to see what else it had in store. She pulled the chair forward, the half-filled chamber pot still idly below her. The motion was meant to study, but her mind quickly wandered to the silent and mysterious instructor. The young girl idly stroked her collarbone with thoughts of them, the sensation already delightful.

"Byleth." Reason glazed over with a new fog. Traditionally she would think to their stern lectures and effective teaching, but now could only think of their emerald eyes setting on the fully grown woman of House Ordelia. And she could prove it to them she was ready for intimacy. The white-haired girl leaned forward on the table, thoughts completely infatuated with her mysterious professor.

As if clicked by a trigger, the same feeling as before rumbled within her body. The fluid again began to fill her bladder and stomach, but there was no more despair this time. She awaited the fullness. The fluid pooled quickly in her body, swelling to make her desperate in rapid succession. However, bad decisions would fall victim to the lustful need. She wanted to feel the strain of her muscles and that joyous unleash. If she did not move, again in mere seconds it would be too late to act.

"I. I could move.", there was a plain hesitation in her voice. Lysithea knew the dire situation her body begged her to address, but a powerful feeling somehow was easily able to override logistics. The dampness was impossible to ignore and only a precursory consequence to the battle her body was quickly losing. Despite being a powerful master of magics and Reason, the simple need to pee seemed to best her. The liquid had swelled within her immensely, tormenting her body with a seemingly new level of fullness she had never felt. With plain eye she could see the clear outline from the bulge of her bladder pressing against her clothes tightly. In awe, Lysithea reached out with her hands to lightly trace its outline with her fingers causing a new inviting warmth to stir within her.

The lines of pain and pleasure were becoming indistinct, enticing in a dangerous, yet alluring temptation. She felt two stark forces fighting inside; her muscles sorely holding the well of urine paired with an eager, salacious urge to give in and release it all. To flood her clothes, the chair, and bask in the bliss of a pure surrender.

"But. I should.", her breathing was punctuated with a large draw of breath, fighting the imminent longing. A fresh flow of urine crept past her control, warming Lysithea's legs and the soft, absorbent fabric of the chair. Her eyes eagerly surveyed the now visible stain marked on the chair below, equally confused by her excitement of its event. There was a part of her that struggled with the disgust and carelessness of her actions deeply buried, knowing the consequences of being found, but a vicious arousal deterred any sort of stopping.

"There is. There is the chamber pot." The words echoed in the library, unheard by any soul other than her own. The words came out as more of a statement as even her strong willpower was thawing to savage lust. What slight concern for humiliating herself and being discovered that nagged at her mind was silent now, this wasn't humiliating, it was pleasing.

"If. If I.", the words fumbled out as the student was now panting in ambitious anticipation of the flood that was about to occur and the strain of her muscles would relieve in its release. Lysithea's hot breath steamed lightly in the chilled library corridor with a raw and forceful lust. The struggle was openly coming to its eventuality as another burst of wetness sprayed onto the chair's fabric through her leggings, hardly hindered by the cloth covering her.

A sharp shiver of delight coursed through the Yellow Deer student's body, every nerve demanding more regard. Seemingly with little control the young woman's hips buckled forward, giving a short, tender grind into the chair's soaked fabric. With a quick pressure applied, the now saturated fabric overflowed a few drops of excess over the edge of the chair accompanied by a soft squishing sound. The large circular patch of red cloth had turned to dark and incriminating evidence of the caster's losing battle. Although magically induced, there was still the faint smell of pee that her nose could identify. The smell did little to deter her.

Lysithea stifled a resonant moan as another arc of piss forced itself out of her body. The rewarming of her now undoubtedly dark peach panties sent her nerves on end, begging for more. Even with her lower muscles fully clenched, there was no more control. The white-haired girl eagerly ran her fingers delicately along her inner thighs, strangely delighted with their newfound wetness. A hungry and craving groan escaped her lips, only to be stifled in the compact library.

"Yes, yes, yes." Lysithea said out loud in forcible impatience, her body on the verge of spilling out every drop it held. The mage's chest was heaving in labored and lusty breaths, clinging to the now sweat-soaked cloth of her light blue sweater. Under normal circumstances the autumn chill would have her shivering, but her body felt sweltering by pure sensation and lust. Her wandering, deft fingers moved to the fabric of old red chair beneath her and intently rubbed its soaked fibers. While normal impartial to wetness, this roused a remarkable feeling of gratification.

Although bordering on numbness for how full she was, faintly Lysithea could feel control slip away. "I'm. I'm wetting myself." The words came with satisfaction and candor in their tone, as if the realization was only now dawning on her. A short and powerful spurt of pee jetted out, its hot release forcing its way through her underclothes onto the chair and her awaiting fingers. Her reddish eyes enthusiastically watched the dark wetness of the chair spread further and further, now creeping under her thighs and out of sight. The build-up was monumental and felt as a swelling warmth within her.

*013*2021-12-21 14:57

Although difficult to hear over the sensual sounds she was making, there was a soft patter of pee beginning to drip off the edge of the chair as it continued to flow. The warmth had traveled its way behind her as the red fabric of the chair was now not able to absorb fast enough. Lysithea's clumsy and sexually inexperienced hand pressed the drenched fabric of her leggings against womanhood, her body aching for more attention. An instant unstifled moan made it clear that was good enough causing the young girl's toes to briefly curl in reception to the feeling. While her wetting accidents before had felt humiliating and shameful, this felt thrilling and liberating.

She was peeing herself in the library alone.

Willing.

And instead of in the chamber pot sitting at her feet, it was her clothes and the chair.

Yet it felt very right.

She found herself rubbing the dripping black fabric of her leggings, savoring the piss she had wet it with and the caressing of her nerves it brought. The mage's palm accidentally applied a moderate pressure to her clit as the sudden and dizzying pleasure gave her a short sputtering cough and sharp inhale. A massive stream of pee sprayed out of her body, rewarming the sopping wet material. It was as if a river was forming as the pee made its way further and further down her leggings and a visible puddle where her body pressed down the fabric of the chair. A pleasureful momentum was stirring in her body, desiring more and more stimulation. Lysithea started to rub the material harder, the pee running through her fingers giving her a bizarre satisfaction.

There was an unfamiliar heat building, rising inside of her. Palming her clitoris again the young woman's mind flared in a overwhelming sensation causing her body to briefly convulse. Another long and drawn spray of urine forced itself from her form as if to compliment the decision. The unnatural fullness of her bladder was now showing its consequence, despite all that had left her, Lysithea felt no lessening of the strain.

More.

"I need to pee so bad. Please, I need to go." Desperately she called out, again begging when she was in full power to prevent it.

In a pure craving want she began to grind her hips into the drenched fabric and her own hand, needing more and more touch. The liquid was finding less and less places to go as the puddle continued to expand and her hungry grinding caused minor splashes in her own small pool of piss.

*015*2021-12-22 14:51

{{16 hours ago, OmniBotch said:

That was a fun little story! I've written two stories under a different name on Ao3. Both of which use Fire Emblem characters, but are mainly about ENF.

Perhaps I can use your story as a basis once I start writing here, too!

}}

Thanks! There's probably about 2-3 more posts left for this story to finish out, it has been a great deal of fun to write. There are a few future setups now, one being further exploration of the book (which can really go any direction, any spell can be in it even outside omo), further Lysithea's newfound interest, but the one I will absolutely be continuing is a small side story of Bernadetta that occurs while this is happening because of the spell.

You are absolutely free to use this as a basis and take it any direction you would like!

*016*2022-03-05 21:49

The pulsing sensations were coursing through her body with an open fervor, causing her back to arch eagerly. In huge heaving breaths she panted as she reveled in the pleasure and bliss of the moment. She sat in a warm puddle of her own selfish doing. What was happening? She could stop, but there was no want of it.

Another unrestrained stream crept past her overworked muscles for a few seconds and now she found that the bottom of both legs were thoroughly soaked. A tickling warmth blossomed again, another spurt beyond her control. Lysithea's right hand went to clumsily pull off her light blue sweater and expose her chest to the crisp chill of the night, her hand shaking with greedy ambition. Although her body shuddered at the cool air running over her skin, her current state kept her well distracted. The sharp change in temperature caused the young woman to release another roused moan to echo loudly in the empty library, witness to no one. With little hesitation, using her pee-soaked hand she loosened her bra and tossed the hindering garment off to the side out of sight with little consideration. As if in a trance she ran her still wet hands over her breasts touching any skin they could find. Stroking. Caressing. Teasing. There was no disgust, only the needed touch in a passionate moment.

It had all become too much to bear and the boiling point had been reached.

After a long strain of savored torture, Lysithea's tensed muscles unwillingly gave in to the absolute and freeing surrender. The floodgates completely gave way. Lysithea's body could no longer hold the well of pee it was being subjected to and began to release with or without permission. A sharp spray erupted from her body paired with a heavy pant and lustful screech.

"I'm p...peeing. I c...can't stop it."

Unhindered, pee began flowing out of student of House Ordelia and quickly spilling over the now saturated fabric of the chair to splatter noisily on the wooden floor. Hardly with thought her hands wandered to feel the hot flow as it left her body, thrilled with the feeling of it between her fingers. The absurdity of the situation was lost on her as the spell's effects continued to cause every nerve to tremble and as a result the massive pool continuing to grow. Lysithea's hips once again began a slow grind into the sloshing pool on the red chair below her, the building pleasure quickly approaching climax.

"Yes, yes, please."

Normally prim and proper, at this vulnerable moment she was anything but. Half-naked, covered in her own pee, white hair plastered to her body in sweat and piss, and begging for the release her body craved to feel. There was a new dryness to her mouth as she continued to moan loudly, mouth open in desperation. Lysithea's hands awkwardly groped and explored what they could, craving to send her over the edge. The once massive balloon of a bladder was now feeling deflated, its contents nearly all spilled out messily onto the floor and drenching her own clothes.

The young woman's vision was beginning to blur with the powerful sensations overtaking her body, muscles soon becoming rigid and taut in expectation. Lysithea screamed in a primal pleasure as the feeling erupted from every inch of her form, her mind flashing with a blinding gratification. Leaning forward her hands flew to grip the arms of the chair, nails harshly digging into its elegant carvings. There was a pure ecstasy running through her shuddering frame that felt disconnecting to the world.

The last of her pent up urine crept out of her body as she sat there, gasping fiercely from the return to reality. The glowing runes from before flashed in front of her face for a moment until withering into nothingness. The spell had ended. While the heat of longing kept her warm in the sharp chill it was now her surroundings became known. A residual bliss coursed through Lysithea's body, yet unsure of what to do next. She had to clean herself, the chair, the puddle, all of it was evidence to the misdeed. The spell's magic dissolved and as it left, there was an exhaustion in her body impossible to ignore. Wide awake and aware one moment, then within seconds an overpowering of urge to sleep with heavy eyelids. It was impossible to resist despite how much she knew it was a bad idea. Weariness won out as her eyes closed and within seconds drifting off to sleep and recover.

###

Lysithea woke to a soft beam of light on her face. The young woman snapped awake in a panicked frenzy, dread filling her mind. Waking, she only found the soft and inviting cloth of her own bed. The confusion swarmed her mind, running through considerations it was a dream, a figment. She glanced down at the fresh nightclothes she was dressed in and Bernadette sleeping in the cot on the other side of the room. All seemed normal. Did she just imagine it? There was a strange and uncomfortable smell to the room that difficult to place.

Sitting up from her bed the white-haired mage spotted a small letter on the nightstand, clearly a new find. Fumbling with its seal she opened it to read:

"Lysithea,

I have so many questions and concerns for the state that I found you in and the mess you made, but... your safety is first and foremost.

You were breathing and unresponsive so I cleaned you up and brought you back to bed. As for the library I did... as best I could. I threw away that old chair and mopped. We are talking about this later whether you want to or not.

Concerned but still warmly,

Annette"

The fear had been realized. It did happen and that magic was incredibly potent and dangerous. It was hidden for a reason. The student of House Ordelia would need an assistant to tread much more carefully in the future.

