Susan BrouLyle’s Child

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2021-12-25 04:02

Susan BrouLyle’s Child

Ishigeen

A woman with shiny brown hair with red highlights sat at the kitchen table one more, her hands cupped around a cup of coffee, her green eyes unfocused and staring off into the living room but not really seeing the furniture there, her thoughts back on the night before when she had had her hopes of ever having her own child once again dashed from the finger tips of her longing heart.

“I told you already, Susan,” her boyfriend’s voice echoed again in her head. “If you were to get pregnant from me, that I would be very happy to have a child, but I’m not going to adopt someone that you’d have to spend months getting to know, with them already having some idea of what things are supposed to be like.”

Those words turned around and around in her head. Susan couldn’t have children due to some accident she had when she was a teenager, and no one through the years would adopt for her. No one. Some men even left her when they found out she couldn’t have a child, so her current boyfriend’s stance was not unprecedented. He had already had a child, as she heard it, once a long time ago, and then because of some ugly plan that his old ex-wife had had, her plan all along was to have a baby with someone, and dump them. Maybe that’s why the thought of children scared him. Maybe.

Susan blinked and her thoughts came back to present as she thought about how selfish she had been. It was true, that she was sad and that she really wanted a daughter, but it was even sadder that her boyfriend, Ralph O’conner, had a daughter that he would never see from the age of two. As long ago as Ralph made it sound, she wondered if his daughter was as old as she was. Ralph certainly as no spring chicken, but beyond not wanting to adopt a kid, he treated her right, and quite a bit better than most of the men in her past.

Susan sipped her coffee. She thought about asking him to get a pet, maybe, at least, but for now, she kept that one shelfed. Ralph needed to cool down from their last debate about how a child might or might not bring them closer together.

Somewhere in a faraway city, another young lady was sitting at the table, drinking some cola in the morning, her college books laid by the door, but blue sparkling eyes seemed distant and unfocused. The minutes on the clock were easing by, and the caramel blond girl just sat there, her drink now, really, just having sat for more than ten minutes as she thought about what happened the night before to her.

“I swear, Linda, that girl is lazy and she’s going to amount to nothing, nothing at all. We are wasting good money, trying to send that one to college. You mark my words, she’ll fail every class this semester, and you will be out three grand over nothing.”

Those were the words of her stepdad who actually gained the title about three years previous when he married her mom. It was hard to talk bad about him though because for three years, he had taken care of both mom and daughter rather well, though he was a bit harsh and strict with young Katie.

“I never expected her to call me dad,” the man would say from time to time. “She just needs to understand, while she’s in MY house, she will do as I say or as her mother says.”

Katie breathed a heavy sigh, and for the first time, there was proof that the blond sitting at the table in a purple sweater and blue jeans was not a statue.

Katie looked up at the clock, and cursing under her breath, she ran to the door grabbing her bag and ran out the door, her nearly full glass of soda still on the table.

Susan got motivated, and stood up looking around at the dirty house, and putting her loneliness for a child out of mind for the moment, and took her empty coffee cup to the sink. She closed her eyes for a minute and imagined for a second, what Ralph’s little baby daughter must have looked like. Then she opened them again, and started some dishwater.

“I know,” Susan whispered to herself, imagining she was talking to her tall boyfriend who easily towered over her by more than eight inches. “It must have been really harsh to lose your little Katie that way, but just because your ex robbed you of your baby then, it doesn’t mean every woman you meet would do that to you. I certainly wouldn’t.” Ralph’s blue eyes were held within her mind’s eye for a few moments, and his receding hairline of golden blond on a healthy strong body completed her view of a very handsome man. Sure, he was a little older than most her age would be interested in, but more than his handsome features, the thing that drew her to him most, was his kindness in other ways, and the way he nearly always put her first, except in the opinion of having an adopted child.

He held her seat out for her when she went to sit, and he opened her door for her. One time, she commented that he was like those old fashion people that thought women were weak, but at that time, his comment endured her to him.

“Did you ever think, that all those years ago, when women bore children with no modern relief from the pain, that men did not see creatures to protect because of weakness, that men didn’t see equals because they actually saw real strength that they never wanted to lose? Think on it, you women, even in today’s medicine, you deal with a cut to your abdomen every time you have children, that would kill a mere mortal man. It is that strength, that men need when they are struggling, and it is that, my dear Susan, that I’m protecting when I treat you with kindness and I make sure you are safe, for if something can happen to you, then what would happen to me after?”

Susan smiled on his long rant, and she remembered it. Well, word for word, she probably got a few parts a little wrong, but the gist of it, was all that mattered. All that mattered, was that to him, she was stronger, she was important, and she was everything he needed to right now to feel like a man.

Susan wiped on a plate for nearly ten minute as she thought about those words. Maybe she didn’t need a baby. Not when she had someone like him. He had never lifted a hand to her, no matter how flustered he was with her. He told her to back off before, shouting. He stomped by her, and she was scared to block his path when that happened, but he never so much as shoved her as he stormed off out of the house, and walked off somewhere to cool down. He had a strength inside him that many men proved they didn’t. He had the strength to know when to walk away and as a result, she had never felt his hand lay a bruising stinging hot mark on her tender features.

Ralph was selfish in not giving her a baby, maybe. But he was never selfish with anything else, and when he came back, from his storming off, he acted like he was in the wrong, even the few times she remembered for certain that she was. She could never ask for man more gentle and kind than that.

Finally, she put the last dish in the dish drainer to dry, and she went and poured herself another cup of coffee.

Katie hated that Rick monster that insisted that she acknowledge was her legal guardian even if he didn’t tell her to call him dad. In fact, he seemed to insist that she needed to do no such thing, because just as soon as she graduated college, he was going to make sure her mother stopped supporting her with money.

“Adults go out and get a job, not rely on their parents to take care of them until they are ninety,” he told her bluntly last week, even.

“I know!” the girl remembered saying as she rode the city bus towards the college campus.

“Do you? Because if I had any real say, I’d tell your mom to have YOU get a loan, and let you pay for the rest of your schooling. It’s not like you take your studies serious!”

“How the fuck do you even propose that I…,” and he slapped Katie in the mouth to stop her speaking.

“You little wench. Don’t you dare talk to me like that! You use language like that in front of me again, and I’ll turn your little spoiled ass over my lap and really give you what for!”

Katie had wiped her hand on her mouth and saw blood on her hand from her tooth biting her lip.

“Your mom showed me your high school report card from your last year,” he told her. “The reason you could never get a scholarship was that you had a D in nearly every subject! It’s a wonder this college you are going to even accepted you!”

Katie looked down. “You don’t understand nothing.”

“Anything,” he corrected her language. “It’s you don’t understand anything, and little princess, you are going to find out that I understand a lot more when you get out of school and find you can’t make it because of your attitude!”

Katie sighed and looked down at her blue jeans, thinking. Why did mom have to meet Rick? He was a jerk even to mom, all the time. But mom never seemed to see it.

“If either of you…,” Katie remembered with tears gathering in the corner of her left eye. “… piss your pants before we get home, I swear, the girl that does it will be sitting there all night scrubbing her seat with a toothbrush until you get that stank out of my seats!”

On that occasion, Katie remembered, both she and her mom were outside scrubbing the car seats with toothbrushes just like Rick said, dipping them in an alcohol based cleanser that Rick had cooked up on the spot, and both ladies were wearing soaking wet jeans from having peed themselves, Katie just minutes before they pulled up to the house.

“I hate that fucking Rick,” Katie breathed under her breath at the cruel memory. It had been just the summer before this fall, when she started her college classes, and it wasn’t like Katie or her mom, Linda, went around peeing themselves all the time. They had been out camping at some remote mountain spot, and the mountain road had almost no rest areas on it. She didn’t know for certain, but it felt like she had held it for at least two hours before it became unbearable at the time, and who knows how long her mom had been holding it?

The bus came to a stop outside of one of the campus buildings for the college, and Katie as well as several other students moved towards the doors to step off of the bus.

“Hey, Katie?” she heard her friend, Elizabeth, before she turned to see a black head girl with brown eyes waving at her from not far away.

“Elizabeth!” and Katie forgot all about Rick for the rest of the school day.

Susan finished cleaning up in the kitchen, and she went on to the living room turn, turning on the television, and glancing at it from time to time, she cleaned the living room.

