Fire Emblem: Three Houses - The Nervous Recluse

Author: Ion

*000*2022-07-31 14:23

Fire Emblem: The Nervous Recluse

Connecting story to The Mage Prodigy:

$/72807-fire-emblem-three-houses-the-mage-prodigy/

Part 1

"HUH?"

Awaken, Bernadetta groggily opened her eyes to the familiar darkness of the dorm room around her. As a surprisingly solid sleeper, this was a phenomenon in and of itself. Something was off. The room was consumed in complete darkness with only a sliver of moonlight creeping in through the open window. A soft autumn breeze rolled in, its chill making Bernadetta sneak further under the thick covers for warmth. There was at least a distinct pleasant smell to the autumn breeze to give her appreciation for waking up unprovoked. It was her favorite season easily despite how much time she spent in this room. Wait. Waking up at a strange hour of the night? Running through her head a source of despair revealed itself.

Panicking, the purple-haired girl scrambled with her hands to check the bedsheets beneath her. With a thankful sigh, they were perceived as still dry. It had been a while since an unwanted discovery like that, yet the danger still lingered. She gave a small and near silent exhale, a dreadful fear slipping away finding the bed to be in good condition.

When first joining the monastery Garreg Mach, Bernadetta was so desperately concerned about the rooming situation. Her room would be everything to her, a simple yet precious sanctuary to retreat to and enjoy her life. Sharing that with a complete stranger at least felt a little violating. The purple-haired girl's lifestyle seemed unique and many could not be receptive to such a conduct. She was paired with Lysithea, a petite, white-haired and diligent student apt to spending long hours in the library and study rooms of the academy. Initially, outside of the Houses, it was unclear to her how students were paired off for dormitories.

Very soon after the semester had begun it became glaringly apparent why Lysithea and Bernadetta were paired while sitting in different Houses: Both occasionally were prone to wetting the bed. The bedding in their room was just the slightest bit thicker than the other rooms and accommodated with linens a little more specialized. The linen closet was stocked a tad more thoroughly and instructors monitored their room more closely than most. Garreg Mach at least seemed to respect their dilemma with as much subtlety as they could. With those details Bernadetta could only speculate as much, but of course that detail would go unspoken and unconfirmed.

It was a strangely bonding secret between the two girls and helped them to quickly become close friends. As two fairly independent students that spent a lot of time by themselves, the simple relationship between the two felt natural. Behind the closed door of a dormitory room, it felt much easier to expose that vulnerability and eventually others. To confide in someone who knew the same shame and need for secrecy became someone to celebrate successes and support when misses did occur. Who better to know than to be consoled by someone who knew the challenges of a soaked bed so well? An unsuccessful night could quickly turn either of them to uncontrollable sobbing and a desperate need to be consoled.

As they both grew older, each eagerly awaited to "grow out of bedwetting" as they had continually been told would happen, but that day did not come. Stress, anxiety, fear, nightmares: these devious influences would catch one of them unaware and to wake to a cold, wet mess. On particularly vulnerable nights the two would share a bed, finding comfort in the closeness and warmth of each other's bodies. Bedwetting started as a shameful secret of their youth, most children went through a phase of some sort. Yet as time went on and soaked sheets continued on as adults, it soon became a critical secret that swore the two to the utmost secrecy. Now grown adults, they even more crucially depended and cherished each other's support.

Drifting back to her current situation, the young woman's eyes finally became more adapted to the darkness of the room, with some of the outlines showing faintly. What woke her up? The dreadful silence of the room offered no answers. She rolled over on her side, now clearly seeing an empty bed where Lysithea would be lying. Up late studying likely, although even this seemed late for her, but not unheard of.

As if hearing her thoughts and need for an answer, a flicker of blue magicks briefly illuminated around her body under the sheets in a swirl of foreign runes. A warming pulse of energy wrapped around her waist tightening to a quick bind, before disappearing just as soon as it had appeared. It caused a brief, inviting warmth to shudder through her entire being, yet the whole spectacle seemed to disappear just as quickly as it had arrived. Bernadetta's studies had not been around Reason magic recently, but even with her limited knowledge it was clear that a spell had just been triggered on her with no indication of its source. A new and strong unease filled her body. Was this an attack on Garreg Mach or accidental cast from one of her classmates? Anyone else would have spurred to action to find immediate answers, but the meek and timid Bernadetta simply sat in her bed considering. Anxiously, her hands tightly gripped the thick bedsheets she was tucked under.

"Lysithea?", she called out full well knowing the small, white-haired girl was absent and hoping for an easy out. However the empty room provided no response. Bernadetta explored with her hand around her waist where she had seen the glowing, only to find everything as it should be. The young girl, now defeated, laid down once more and rested her head back on the pillow, staring up at the stone ceiling and wooden beams blankly. She was teeming with indecision and disquiet, locked in a battle to leave the room or wait to see what happened. Her natural uncertainty won out, laying in bed with a gnawing anxiety and unease. The spell's effects would at some point wear off or she could fall asleep and wake up tomorrow free of its impact. An all too familiar sensation in her body would not let Bernadetta wander back to sleep however.

Now as an adult woman, the dread of bedwetting was much stronger than as a child. There would be sheets to clean, there was a smell to mask, and a shame that was even harder to conceal; all as strong deterrents against these accidents. A slight need lingered in her bladder and with Bernadetta's history she would become acutely aware of the consequences of not taking advantage of waking up this early in the morning. She dreaded getting out of bed and ran a hand over where her bladder was, finding it flat and deflated. Maybe she could just go back to sleep and take the risk? She laid there tentatively weighing the choices.

As the purple-haired girl lay under the sheets a new vicious and magical heat spurred to life within her, tickling the nerves all throughout her body in a short rhythmic flow. Bernadetta squeaked in confusion and panic, although not completely opposed to the sensation. It gave her body a soft, pleasurable buzz that lingered for a minute then left. Bernadetta lightly bit her bottom lip nervously, this was no doubt the magic now taking effect.

*003*2023-10-25 07:16

"H-hello?", she stammered another desperate plea for an easy answer, only to again be returned with silence. Even as a fully grown adult she felt reduced down to a quivering child, shivering with a nervous tension and unsure of what to do next. Bernadetta tightly gripped the thick blue bedding and retreated under it, begging to the beings above for Lysithea to return and give her at least some simple comfort or escape. In an attempt to comfort herself, the purple-haired girl pulled the covers and blankets in closer, hoping she would drift off to sleep and avoid this anxiety-inducing problem, leaving her to whatever fate befell her. An inevitable tear rolled down her cheek to be quickly absorbed by the bed sheets while she lay paralyzed by indecision and fear, lightly shaking. The quiet grounds of Garreg Mach howled as a short breeze renewed itself in the small room, to no comfort of the panicked student.

"Please come back, p-please please please."

Another desperate appeal to the fate of the world unheard. As if taunting, a faint blue rune started to glow underneath the covers, causing a new confusion and unrest in her body. It was under the thick covers she had tucked herself tightly into, so she scrambled to investigate covering her head with the blankets. Peering under the covers, she peered as it emitted from her abdomen with its unworldly blue glow, another undecipherable marking of Reason. It flickered and disappeared once again leaving her in an another veil of darkness under the covers.

This time she felt it, a bizarre and implacable warmth blossoming in her body as her stomach gave a sudden and audible groan. Difficult to notice before, but she was instantly aware now. Bernadetta felt an abrupt swell in her body and gave a barely discernible groan. It felt as though a light pressure was being applied to her bladder and building quickly. What was happening to her? Why would magic do this to her?

The distraught woman began to breathe more heavily, strain and confusion now racking her body. Commonly she would feel a slight urge from anxiety, which she was chock full of at the moment, but this was more intense. Faster. More deliberate. Bernadetta gave a soft rub of her thighs at the sudden and urgently growing need, biting her bottom lip in light desperation. As someone who was very acutely aware of her body from the regular accidents she had, the purple-haired student knew she was on a ticking clock. Yet, that would mean facing the dark, foreboding, and empty dorm room to untold horrors that could be lurking in its corners. It was her internal battle of irrational fears and building desperation and neither side had yet to win out. With no witnesses and little chance of an easy out, Bernadetta slipped a hand to hold herself and press firmly on her front, attempting to buy more time. She was greeted by a light slickness of sweat along her inner thighs as another pang of desperation rolled through her body.

"Mmmpf!", she stifled an inadvertent moan, caught off guard by the tickling of her nerves this new wave supplied. A dark curiosity grew in her mind to try the motion again, but only staved off barely by will. A simple stoneware chamberpot was tucked under her bed, only a few quick motions away, yet seemed less and less reasonable to use. Normally Bernadetta and Lysithea would only use it under extreme circumstances, they both had their fair share of emergencies, but it was loud and lacked any sort of subtly. It was certainly better than the alternative though. She could hold on, right? Or clean it up in the morning? Her mind immediately pinged her a counter that she could not and should not, but another part of her mind contested. These decisions began to have conflicting interests and new agendas as a new side of the short student took stage. Now with less persuasion her hand pressed more firmly between her legs against the smooth cloth of her pajama pants, enticed by a new and exhilarating sensation. It was foreign, yet intriguing and desperately craved.
