Genshin Incident - Act I - Wanderer’s Wetting

Author: immefrank

*000*2020-10-30 08:35

Hi, I’ll be writing a series of stories about Genshin Impact characters having wetting and messing incidents. You can enjoy the stories even if you haven’t played, but the stories will follow Genshin Impact canon events and contain spoilers, so you may want to wait until you have played the story routes for the character in question before reading. Each story will be mostly independent and have different tags, so feel free to skip ones with tags you don’t like.

Tags: Wetting, Fear Wetting, Female

Character spoilers: Paimon, Traveler

Paimon and I have been traveling together for a while now. We met when I saved Paimon from drowning and she has since joined me on my travels. Currently, the two of us are headed to Mondstadt to find information about my twin.

“Lumine, hurry up, Mondstadt isn’t far from now.”, Paimon called out to me.

“Yeah, we should hurry indeed”, I replied. There was a reason I was walking instead of jogging as I would usually do. That reason was the pressure building up in my abdomen. It has been half a day since I took a piss in the morning and I would need to go again soon. Maybe I should tell Paimon about my predicament and just go here on the beach I thought to myself. We were close to Mondstadt, where I could finally use a real restroom instead of going in the wild, but I wasn’t sure I could hold it that much longer.

There was no shame in going out in the wild in front of Paimon. Having travelled with Paimon, who has a small body like that of a fairy, I have witnessed Paimon desperately dashing off to find some privacy to take care of business on more than one occasion. Paimon loves a good meal and drink, and claims she has more than one stomach, including one specifically for liquids. Unfortunately for Paimon, she still only has one bladder, one that had a scaled down capacity due to her small body frame. All the liquid she drank would quickly fill up Paimon’s bladder and send her running off desperately, seeking relief. On at least one drunken night where Paimon ended up more than tipsy, she didn’t make it in time. I loved teasing Paimon when she was desperate, as she would run off with the usually fair skin on her face bright red.

Paimon probably needs to go soon too, I thought to myself. I’ll just go after Paimon, I thought to myself. I’ll be able to tease Paimon again, and it will be less embarrassing for me as well.

Lumine wasn’t wrong. Paimon’s stomach dedicated to liquid had quickly processed the milk she had in the morning and was gradually filling up her bladder. On any other day she would have told Lumine about her emergency and then ran off and did her business behind some bushes. Today however, Mondstadt was just hours away. In the wilderness where one could be days away from the nearest signs of civilization, there was no point looking for a bathroom. But when Mondstadt, The City of Freedom was just ahead, going out in the wild suddenly became much more embarrassing for Paimon. “What would Lumine say if she knew I couldn’t even hold it half a day?” Paimon thought to herself. Surely she would tease me to no end. Paimon decided that at least for today, she would show Lumine she was a big girl and could make it to Mondstadt without taking a bathroom break.

I didn’t travel far from the beach before I encountered a cliff in the way. Usually such a small cliff wouldn’t pose any challenge to me, but today, all the liquid in my body was going to make the climb much more difficult. I glanced over to Paimon to confirm that we were going the right direction.

“Just over this cliff and we will be able to see Mondstadt”, she replied. Easy for her to say, she could fly.

No point in arguing, I jumped on to the cliff and started my ascent.The usual body motions I do when climbing were shifting the liquid in my bladder and hitting the opening, as if it were floodwaters raming on a dam, looking for any crack to pour though. I wanted to cross my legs, or even press down on my mound with my hands, but I couldn’t while climbing. All that I could do was tighten my pelvic muscles and continue my climb.

Just as I was approaching the top, my foot missed a crevasse that I was trying to get a foothold on. The sudden shock sent a spurt out and made a small berry sized patch of wetness on my panties. I quickly regained control of both my hold on my bladder and my hold on the cliff wall and made it to the top. As soon as I was no longer hanging on to dear life on the cliff, I instinctively crossed my legs and pressed my hands on to my panties and felt the moistness that I had just made. Not too much damage I thought to myself. “How many near accidents would these panties hold before it became obvious I wet myself?” I thought to myself.

Paimon’s voice broke my train of thought. “You look like you need to go. Maybe we should stop for a toilet break?”

Paimon was waiting at the top of the cliff and must have seen my embarrassing performance, and was teasing me about it. “No need, we can see Mondstadt from here already, we can go when we get to Mondstadt”, I snapped back with all the strength I could muster. Indeed the majestic walls and cathedral of Mondstadt were in view after we scaled the cliff.

Paimon was surprised by my response, but didn’t push the issue further. Little did I know that Paimon was far less concerned about teasing me at the time and much more concerned with not having yet another major accident in front of me.

After another short hike forward we arrived at a Statue of the Seven. This statue of the Ameno Archon was in the middle of the lake. Paimon mentioned before that we should pray to the Statues of the Seven when we encounter them since the Archons will watch over us on our travels. However, the statue was in the middle of the lake and there were no bridges for us to cross. I would have to swim across. Usually I hated getting wet, all while seeing Paimon gleefully glide across the water surface. It made my clothes all damp and stick to the skin. However, today I was glad to have the opportunity to go for a swim, because it gave me a unique opportunity to get my long due relief.

If I just wet myself in the water as I swam across the lake, Paimon would be none the wiser. All my clothes will be all soaked coming out of the lake, and not just my undies, so I might as well take care of business at the same time. “What a brilliant plan!” I thought to myself as I started to wade into the lake to cross.

As soon as my feet hit the icy cold water, I felt another burst of urine shooting out of my bladder. I quickly submerged my butt into water to make sure my knee socks and skirt were not getting wet before they hit the water. Then I opened the floodgates. All the stored liquid in my body came gushing out. I could no longer feel the wetness of my piss underwater, but I could still feel the warmness of my own body heated compared to the surrounding water. My pee drifted in the water as I slowly started paddling forward. I was releasing more of my pee from under me as I started swimming forward, with some of it drifting on to my legs where I could feel a bit of its warmth.

I didn’t know if I should be overjoyed by my own brilliance of wetting in the lake where the damage wouldn’t be visible or disgusted by the fact that as a grown lady I had just had my first accident. All I knew is that I was feeling relieved. As the flow of piss out my body started dying down, I shivered a bit since some of my body heat also left with the pee. I was already at the other side of the lake. I pushed one last time with my pelvic muscles and squeezed out the last drops from my bladder. The feeling of letting go felt so good that I couldn’t help but let out an audible moan. I didn’t even care if Paimon heard anymore, because I was floating in my own heaven of relief.

While I stealthily got my relief, Paimon was still trying to hold her urine, but was quickly reaching her limit. She felt as if she was leaking like an Hydro Slime, or even about to burst like an Ameno Slime. Lumine splashing in the water only made things worse. Paimon wondered if she could discreetly move her jumper suit to one side and just pee into the lake. “Lumine would surely see her and there would be no end to her teasing”, she thought. She landed on the island in the lake next to the Statue of Seven and tried her best to shift her body to not put pressure on her bladder, and she was holding her body with her tiny hands.

After I had swam across the lake I was now at the foot of the Statue of Seven. I turned my attention to Paimon who seemed about to have her accident of her own.

“You ok there Paimon?” I asked.

“Uh, I am pp-praying to the Ameno Archon”, Paidmon stutered, as she continued her desperation dance.

Hmm, why won’t she admit that she has to go, I wondered? If she asked for a restroom break, we could have found a bush on the way here and taken care of business and I wouldn’t have had to take a piss in the lake I thought to myself. I had totally forgotten that she did bring up taking a restroom break just after we scaled the cliff. After I had my relief after holding for so long, and feeling a sense of euphoria, watching Paimon was actually weirdly arousing. The thought of witnessing Paimon having another accident was actually turning me on.

I decided to ignore Paimon’s obvious signs of desperation and continued on with my business, walking over to the Statue of Seven and unlocking my Ameno powers.

“Wow, with these Ameno powers I can blow dry your panties next time you wet yourself Paimon.” I retorted.

Paimon was so desperate that she didn’t even bother trying to hide her desperation anymore “L-let's just get to Mondstat quickly, or you might need to use your Ameno powers as a blow dryer sooner than expected”, Paimon replied, quickly flying forward.

Just as I chased after Paimon, a gust of wind hit us and a huge shadow covered the sun. I looked up and saw a dragon flying past us.

“What was that?” Paimon exclaimed. I could see a big patch of wetness on Paimon’s jumper suit with droplets still hanging from Paimon’s crotch. There was also some moistness on the ground beneath Paimon as well. Paimon must have lost a bit of control with the sudden appearance of the dragon. The casual person might not have noticed, but since I just had an accident myself and knew the tell tale signs.

“Uh, Paimon, before worrying about what that dragon was, why don’t you go use the restroom? It’s not good on your body to hold too long, and I don’t want you having a bigger accident. I can tell you are already leaking”. I wasn’t teasing Paimon anymore, and despite imagining the amazing sight it would be to see Paimon have an accident while both of us were sober, Paimon was clearly suffering and I didn’t wish my dear travelling companion to suffer any more.

My words brought Paimon back from her trance into her desperate reality. The sudden appearance of such a magnificent creature took Paimon’s mind off holding her urine as she awed at the huge flying creature. However, her panties and jumper paid the price for her mental lapse. My speaking made Paimon suddenly realize that she had lost her hold for a few seconds and pee was seeping out her body, through her jumper, and trickled down her legs and into the ground below her. While it wasn’t a big accident, and she managed to regain her hold, it was undeniable that she just had another accident. Unlike when she and Lumine went drinking and was drunk, this time both Lumine and herself were sober and in broad daylight. This made the embarrassment much worse.

Paimon’s face was beet red and tears started forming in the corner of eyes. Just as she could no longer hold back her desperation, she could no longer hold back her tears and her embarrassment, flying off as quickly as she could. Despite her panties already soggy and soiled, she knew that she was about to have an even bigger accident if she didn’t find some privacy soon. Yet despite Lumine already witnessing her wetting herself, Paimon still couldn’t let herself down to the level of just letting go of her shame and just pissing in front of Lumine. Paimon knew with all the pressure inside of her she would be pissing like a racehose, and just the thought of Lumine hearing the hissing sound of her peeing, or god forbid, seeing her piss embarrassed Paimon so much she thought about just throwing herself into Cider lake.

“Don’t follow me” Paimon, yelled at me, but I was both genuinely worried about Paimon’s safety, and also didn’t want to miss the front row seats to Paimon’s big accident, so I chased after her anyway.

However, just as we entered the small canyon in front of us, Paimon stopped in mid air just in front of me. I was shocked by the scene in front of us. The giant dragon that had flown over our heads minutes ago was on the ground, seemingly conversing with a human with a green hat and cape. Unfortunately our entrance with nothing but stealthy and the dragon quickly turned its attention our way and let out a deafening roar.

@@As the dragon roared, it sent a blast of wind in all directions. I felt a blast of wind against my face, and then I felt a mist of water along with the wind. At first I thought the water was also coming from the dragon, but looking ahead, I realised the source of the water wasn’t the dragon but my poor travelling companion. Paimon, who was hovering just shortly in front of me clearly got spooked by the roar of the dragon, and all the urine she was holding came pouring out of her body as she lost control. Unlike the previous leak, this time the garden hose was turned on and nothing was going to stop it until Paimon’s bladder was empty. The entire lower part of Paimon’s jumper was soaked and as droplets of pee seeped out through Paimon’s clothes it was caught in the blast of wind and got turned into a fine mist. I thought it would be disgusting to have Paimon’s pee all over me, but in the current situation where the pee was spread out by the gusts of wind, it felt more like someone had turned on a big fan in a steaming shower, and all I could feel was just moisture and steam on my face.

The dragon swiped at the person in the green coat and cape, and the person just disappeared into thin air. The dragon then flew off as well. I was still caught in the surreal moment that lasted only seconds.

“Did you see that, that was so scary!” Paimon proclaimed as she turned around and latched onto me, eyebrows raised and face white with aghast.

Paimon didn’t even realize that she was in the middle of a major accident, with pee still pouring out of her like a fountain with no end in sight.

“It’s ok Paimon”, I said gently as if coddling a child. I didn’t even care that Paimon’s dirty juices were flowing all over my clothes now. At this moment I just wanted to hug Paimon tightly in a deep embrace. I felt all of Paimon’s body heat and wetness on my skin, and now that the wind has died down, I smelled a waft of ammonia. Nothing pungent, just a gentle reminder of what liquid was now soaking through both me and Paimon’s clothes.

The gentle dripping sound of Paimon’s pee hitting the ground after soaking through both Paimon and my clothes slowly brought Paimon back to her senses. Not only did she just have a fear wetting because of the dragon she saw, she was cling to me like a child, and her pee had not only soaked through the bottom of her own jumper, but as I was holding her over my chest, soaked through the top of my dress turning it semi-transparent. Staines of pee ran down the dress where you could see that gravity pulled the liquid toward the ground. A small pool of pee had also collected beneath me, but much of the liquid had been soaked up by my dress.

“Oh my god, oh my god” gasped Paimon, clearly embarrassed and panicked. Her face once again bright red after being white from fear just moments ago. “I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry... Paimon’s words were becoming more and more slurred and incoherent as she broke into tears and wailing. “The dragon…. surprised me… had an accident.” Paimon’s words were barely audible between her sobs, as she tried to struggle to break free from my hold on her.

“Don’t worry, we all have accidents sometimes. Besides, if I were holding it that long I would have wet myself too when that dragon turned and roared right at us.” I tried my best to comfort Paimon.

“It’s all my fault for holding it too long. I probably wouldn’t have made it even if the dragon wasn’t here. Not only did I make a mess of myself, I also ruined your clothes.” Paimon blurted out. “Let me go wash your clothes…. no I’ll take care of laundry for a week.”

Glad to see that Paimon is no longer a sobering mess, I confessed about my own accident to Paimon. “I also had an accident too. I was holding it since we were on the beach, but I cheated and just went in my panties when I was swimming across the lake earlier.”

Hearing my story made Paimon perk up “That’s not fair”, but a smile returned to her face knowing that she wasn’t alone with her accident. “Well, I asked you for a bathroom break just after you climbed the cliff, and you told me to wait until we got to Mondstadt, and then you had an accident in the lake?”

“At least I didn’t wet myself over my travel companion. Next time when I have an emergency, it’s your turn to be the emergency toilet.” I joked.

“I said I’m sorry already, I wasn’t trying to use you as a toilet at all. Anyway, we should be more open with each other about our emergency needs. We aren’t strangers anymore.”, Paimon retorted. I was happy that Paimon was back to her old self.

“Let’s go wash our clothes in the lake and I’ll use my new Ameno powers to dry them. We can’t walk into mondstadt like this.” I said talking with Paimon by my side, both of us still covered in Paimon’s pee, but with a new found smile on our faces.

*002*2020-11-02 09:13

{{On 10/31/2020 at 2:39 PM, Night Rain said:

Been playing the game a lot lately and there are some character's already that. I can picture would be could to be placed into situations like this hope to see something with Amber.

}}

Yes, I'll do one with Amber. I plan on writing one character every few weeks.

