Mass Effect: Tali`s Toilet Troubles - Page 4

Author: Itber

*079*2018-01-22 18:32

{{14 hours ago, MLPro said:

Oh man this is good

}}

Thank you! It really means a lot to hear that :)

*081*2018-01-22 19:04

{{11 minutes ago, MLPro said:

No prob!

}}

Any particular feedback you'd like to give me? What works, what doesn't? I'm always up to make this story as good as it can be :)

*082*2018-01-22 20:08

Tali snickered, barely conscious from the exorbitant amounts of alcohol flowing through her system. “You… You what? Jack? Jack, y-y-you what? What?” Jack stood up. “I have to pee, too. Like, um, you have to pee? Yeah, uh, so, yeah. I, uh, have to, um… Um, pee, too. Like you. Pee. I have to… Do that…” Tali struggled for a moment, trying her best to focus on Jack was saying as opposed to what she- or rather, the both of them- had to do. “So… So, what? Is the game over? Can I go now?” Jack shook her head, laughing through her nose. “Heh… No, sorry. Deal was… Deal was first to ten. We still got one more to go. Just, give me a second…” Jack turned away from Tali and walked towards a nearby wall of pipes. Before Tali could register what was happening in front of her, she heard the sound of a zipper being undone. Almsot as quickly as that had happened, and before Tali could say anything, Jack lifted her right leg onto the wall, and began to pee on the ground at an angle.

“Ahhhhhhh…… Oh, MAN, that feels so much better…” Tali’s horror sobered her up. The sound of urine trickling and splicing on the ground drilled into her skull, and with no way for her to cover her ears with the mask in the way, she was forced to listen as Jack took an eighteen-second-long pee right in front of her, complete with commentary. “Haaaaaah…… Oh, sweet Jesus, yeah…… Mmmm, that’s the stuff…” Tali was sure that the whiskey was playing an obscenely large role in Jack’s vocal bliss, but this came as little to no comfort towards her. 

The liquor Jack’s game had forced her to consume had increased her desire to alleviate her bladder tenfold, and with still no restroom in sight, Tali could do little else but watch as Jack continued to pee blissfully in front of her, a torment akin to someone eating a basket of apples right in front of Tantalus, a bulldozer without gas behind placed beside Sisyphus, or a locked box of treasure being set ten feet in front of Vaar’Iano des Dera while he was trapped in the pits of Saeraania XVI (that last one being from Quarian mythology, not Greco-human mythology).

Tali eventually threw caution to the wind, and tried to run out of the game and away from Jack, but once more she felt her butt squeeze tightly against the pipe she was sitting on. Even in her euphoric, peeing state, Jack had complete control over Tali using her biotics. However, the whiskey and relieving pee combined seemed to have placed Jack in a particularly happy and content mood, as she sat back down without a word in regards to Tali’s attempts at escape, zipping up her pants. 

“Okay, now that THAT’S taken care of, let’s finish this game of ours, my favorite drinking-partner-Quarian-person-guy-thing!” Jack grabbed for her dice (failing a number of times due to her intoxicated state, and at one point grabbing Tali’s left breast “by accident”), and eventually rolled. She got two sixes, a five, and a three. Twenty. “Okay, then, Tals! You roll! You lose or you win, you can still go. I, um… *burp* I remember our deal. Just, uh, if… if-if-IF you lose, you have to drink another glass! Hehe… You, um, you have to pee bad now?” Tali angrily grabbed her dice, and rolled them without a second thought. A six, two fives, and… a four. Twenty. This had never happened before during their game.

Tali looked to Jack, who was softly chuckling. “Ah… Yeah, I should of told ya. We roll the same thing… same NUMBER… thing, we both take a drink!” Tali had stopped caring ages ago. Grabbing the whiskey bottle from Jack, she poured her own glass and sipped the drink down. “THERE. WE’RE DONE. CAN I GO NOW?!” Jack smiled warmly, throwing her glass aside, began drinking straight from the bottle. “Yeah… *hic* sure. Go ahead. Deal’s a deal a deal deals deals and deals are deals…” Jack continued to drunkenly ramble, and Tali got up to leave, continuing on her quest to find a bathroom. Jack looked up to watch the Quarian, leave, and began to laugh heartily. “Good luck, you squishy-titted poindexter! Hope you at least learned your lesson in humility, eh?”

*085*2018-01-23 14:25

{{5 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

That was a good one. Wondering what else will stop her from getting yo the restroom... . And if she doesn't make it in time, who would witness it. Question. What gender is your Shepard and who is their romance?

}}

The Shepard in this story is female, with the love interest being Thane :)

*088*2018-01-23 21:22

{{5 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Fem shep is best shep. Always preferred Liars, but hey, Thane us awesome as well.

Any plans to add the DLC characters in this? Kasumi , Javik, and Zaeed?

}}

Possibly. I'm not entirely sure yet!

{{6 hours ago, Sake said:

What kind of monster doesn't romance Garrus? Don't you like being calibrated?

Though, I mean, you could very well be leaving him for Tali, which is still pretty great because it means the two best characters in the series end up together.

}}

Well, I did so in this story so that Tali would have a reason to be embarrassed about being found out by Garrus :3

But I see your point ^^

*090*2018-01-27 01:54

{{On January 24, 2018 at 10:12 PM, Sake said:

I have no idea why, but I suddenly have some strange urge to see what Legion's opinion on this would be.

}}

Hmmmmmm :)

*093*2018-01-28 19:50

Tali walked as fast as she could away from where Jack had lead her, choosing not to run as to avoid suspicions from the other crew members and to not put any more strain on her bladder. After a mere half-minute of walking, though, Tali leaned against a nearby wall, groaning. It had officially been four hours since she had realized she needed to pee while calibrating the engines, and the timeframe of that was wearing down on her. She needed to go in the next five minutes, or she wouldn’t make it. In three-hundred seconds, she would have to forgo everything she had worked so hard to avoid and urinate in her suit. 

The idea sent shivers down her spine, both of horror at the humiliation it would cause her as well as the idea of being able to relieve herself. Like when she had run into Ashley at the elevator, Tali’s mind began to wander to a blissful, happy place made of porcelain and running water. In her daydream Tali saw herself undo her suit in a contagion-proof bathroom, stripping naked and sitting upon an available toilet seat. Her eyes shut, her eyebrows raised, her mouth opened, and her face lit up with a look of pure bliss. Tali almost succumbed to the daydream ash she had back at the elevator, but snapped out of it when a voice interrupted her.

“Tali’Zorah? Are you alright? Is something the matter?” Tali opened her eyes, and saw Mordin looking at her. Initially shocked by his sudden appearance, Tali soon realized that this could be the opportunity she needed. “Um, yeah, fine. No, uh, actually, no. I mean, I think I have… a cold… flu… thing. Yeah. So, why are you down here? Can we go to the medbay? Now?” Mordin crossed his arms and put a hand to his chin, thinking. “Odd behavior, Miss Zorah. Very unusual. Perplexing, to say the least. A cold, flu, you say? Strange. I came down to these lower levels to run an inventory check on medicine. Grunt has been experiencing some medical issues. No more can be disclosed on the issue. Doctor-patient confidentiality.

However, such inspections can be postponed for now. Come. Let me see if I may be of assistance to you.” Tali was somewhat annoyed that Mordin had to waste twenty seconds by speaking in his usual, overly-analytical and erratic tone of voice, but she didn’t care. She liked what he had brought up with Grunt: “doctor-patient confidentiality”. Not only was Mordin sure to have a bathroom in the medbay (she had never spent much time there herself to know such things about it), but she could relay her predicament to him without anyone else finding out. Sure, she had just lied to a doctor, but her bladder was an organ. And after all, if it was aching, wasn’t it a doctor’s job to make sure patients’ organs were… normal and stuff? Besides, Tali wasn’t exactly keen on the idea of directly saying to Mordin “I need to pee really bad, can you help me?” in an open are where others could hear her.

As the walked upstairs to the nearby medbay, Tali smiled to herself. There was no way things weren’t going to go her way this time!

Note: Things don't go Tali's way this time, either :3

Hope you liked it! I pray that I replicated Mordin's way of talking in an efficient way that seems in-character; the more believable this story is to you guys/fellow Mass Effect fans, the better :)

*098*2018-01-29 20:58

{{17 hours ago, Sake said:

At this rate we'll run through the entire roster, go through all their loyalty missions, and blow up, like, ten Reapers before Tali gets a break.

}}

Congratulations, your comment made me laugh. Have a cookie :3

*099*2018-02-01 04:57

Hey guys. I just wanted to say thank you. Really, thank you. I know, this probably is an odd place to see a message like this, but I just want to make sure my thoughts and feelings are shared properly with all of you. This story began as a one-off attempt of mine that I had almost no intention of continuing with, as I expected nobody would become interested in it. But through your support and kind comments, I've made writing and adding to this for your entertainment one of the highlights of my day when things in the real world have gotten pretty dark as of late. Sorry for the prolonged absence of the followed up Mordin chapter, but I promise I'll have it posted here by the end of Sunday or Monday! I look forward to making this as enjoyable a ride as possible for all of you, and I'm looking forward to what you guys think of the places I take you. Again, a story like this probably isn't the most likely place to see a sappy "thank you" letter, but I felt I owe you all that much.

As always, share your feedback whenever and however you like! And, as for that thing I posted a while back about the fan art, remember: only do it if you WANT to; it was more of a suggestion than anything else :)

*101*2018-02-01 06:27

{{1 hour ago, Tali'zorah said:

Of course, I've always wanted to see omo fanfic for Tali and you write it so well. My main wonder is how Mrs. Zorah would react if she found out that Garrus had the omo kink. In any case can't wait until we see what More in has in store for us.

}}

Thank you for the kind words! I hope you enjoy what my next chapter includes!

*102*2018-02-06 00:33

Hey guys. Sorry but the next chapter make take a little longer for me to write than I anticipated. Some stuff has been cropping up in my life ATM, all of which have taken kind of a toll on my energy. I'll do everything in my power to have it done before Friday; I'm so sorry for the delay.

