Hyperdimension Neptunia

Author: Inferno27

*000*2017-12-21 07:57

Hello everyone. This is obviously my first post on this website. I am a fan of the Neptunia franchise, and I think that there isn't enough omo stuff related to the series. So here's this fanfic. For those who don't know what the series is, it started initially as a one off game on the ps3 that has turned into two more on the ps3. Three remakes of those games for the vita and then put on the pc. Five spin-off games, all on the vita/pc except for the latest that is one the ps4 and soon to be on the pc. And one more cannon game on the ps4/pc. It also has an anime that has 12 episodes and one ova. The simplest way to sum up the series is that it is a games series about video games. It is a parody series, so there are references galore, sometimes obvious and other times hidden. And with me being a gamer all my life that is what got me into the series in the first place.

I know there are at least a couple others that know and enjoy the series enough to have had at least at one point a character (or in one case two of them) in their profile pic. So if one of you two are seeing this, awesome, it's always nice to see fans of the series. For the people that have not seen anything from the games, or anime. I suggest to go to google and search up for any info you want. I will not be explaining the look of the characters because I find it to be a waste of text space and time, when most people either know what they look like or they can look it up. I can not guarantee that I will do another chapter for this, but I might. I guess part of that decision would be made by how well received this is. Now that I have said all of that, here is the story. I hope you enjoy it and thanks for taking the time to read it.

___

A normal day in Gamindustri, Neptune and IF had been out working quests from mid-morning to a few hours past noon. Only stopping to eat the lunch they had brought with them. After they ate they continued to move through the forest dungeon, eliminating monsters along the way. Neptune sat against a tree after killing a monster, IF moved closer before speaking “Get up Nep. Histoire said for you to continue working until your shares are back up. So, no breaks.”

“Awww, come on Iffy… We’ve been working for hours, I bet even you need some breaks.” Neptune tried to argue.

“Lunch was our break, let’s keep moving. We still have three hunting and two gathering quests left.” IF stated as she pulled Neptune back up to her feet, much to her distain.

“Ugh, you’re being a party pooper Iffy… I guess the faster we do this the faster I can go back home and get some pudding. So, let’s go trigger the next event flag!” Neptune shouted as she ran off in a random direction.

“H-Hey, don’t just bolt Nep!” IF yelled as she followed.

About 45 minutes later the two completed two of the hunt and one gather quests. IF was fidgeting a little, all of the water she had been drinking to stay hydrated was finally catching up with her. They still needed to take out a giant dogoo and collect the gel from it. The problem is that they couldn’t find the thing. This wasn’t helping IF’s bladder as it continued to fill.

Neptune eventually noticed that IF was moving more… oddly than before. She decided to see what was wrong. “Hey, Iffy. Are you okay? It looks like you’ve been trying to dance as you walk.”

IF’s face instantly reddened, her body stiffened as she stopped moving for a moment. “I-I’m fine, it must be your imagination.” She started to move again ‘I thought I was hiding it well enough.’ She thought.

Neptune eyed IF from the back “Hmmm…”

“What are you thinking about now Nep?” IF questioned trying her best not to squirm.

Neptune moved in front of IF, causing the later to stop moving. “Well… If I couldn’t guess any better, I’d say that it looks like you need to pee.” She spoke with her usual grin. As soon as Neptune said that, IF’s face gave herself away. “Oooo… It looks like I was right. I told you I ain’t the protag of protags for nothing. My intuition, is of course spot on.”

“Ugh. Fine I admit it, I have to go. Just quit talking about it. We need to finish this job.” IF stated as she moved around Neptune.

“Why don’t you just go out here? Behind some bushes or something.” Neptune asked.

“Because I’d rather go in an actual toilet.” IF answered.

“Well, if it’s an emergency then you should just drop and squat. You probably wouldn’t want to fight a boss with a full bladder, I know I wouldn’t.” Neptune said. IF stopped moving, and grabbed her crotch.

“Crap, it’s getting pretty bad now. No thanks to you talking about it.” IF shooting a glare at Neptune.

“Well I’m sorry for looking out for a friend. But I’d advise my previous statement and say you should just pee out here.” Neptune responded.

IF contemplated it for a few moments, trying to think what the best choice was. She didn’t really want to pee outside, but nor did she want to fight the giant dogoo, or any other monster, with a full bladder. “Fine, I’ll just go out here. But you stay here, no looking got it!”

“What’s wrong with me going with you? Were both girls right, so it shouldn’t matter.” Neptune rebutted.

“I. Said. No!” IF said firmly, as she walked off the main path. Once at an ample enough distance, she got behind a bush and dropped her shorts as she squatted down. She kept still for about a minute, but nothing happened. ‘Ugh, just go. What the hell is going on?’ She thought as she was getting frustrated. But still nothing. A few minutes had passed, and she could finally feel the urine close to exiting. Then she heard a noise, and a voice.

“Hey, Iffy! You okay?! Did you fall in a hole or something?!” Neptune yelled as she walked from behind a tree and now able to see IF.

Before Neptune could get into view IF quickly pulled her shorts and underwear back up. “What the hell are you doing over here Nep!? I said to stay over here!”

“Well, you were taking forever, so I came to check to see if you were okay or if a monster got to you.” Neptune answered.

“No, I haven’t even gone yet. It’s not been wanting to come out, or at least until you showed up. So, get back!” IF shouted while she held herself.

Neptune held her hands out in front of her “Okay, okay, I’ll go.” She started turning around, until she heard a noise. It sounded like rain hitting the ground. After hearing that she turned around and couldn’t believe her eyes. A pale-yellow stream was flowing from between IF’s legs onto the ground.

“No, no, no! D-Dammit!” IF looked up “I thought I told you to leave Nep!” pee continued to poor out of her, at that point IF just gave up. Tears started to form in the edges of her eyes, but held them back. She couldn’t believe herself, an adventurer like herself wetting her shorts.

Neptune stood mesmerized by the ordeal. She didn’t expect that to happen. But part of her could only find the humor in it. And so, she started to giggle a little bit. “Wow, you actually went and wet yourself, Iffy. I think you might have triggered a fanservice flag.”

IF glared at Neptune “It’s your fault for not leaving when I told you Nep!” she growled.

“Are you saying I need to take responsibility Iffy? Oh, my, I don’t know what to say. I’m flattered and all. And you are pretty cute, but we probably should level up our lily rank first.” Neptune stated acting bashful.

Before IF could retort, a crashing sound was heard as a giant dogoo closed in on them. “I’ll take this one. You can go ahead and stand there and… I don’t know wring yourself out.” Neptune said as she moved a few feet forward then held out her hand. “32-bit Mega blade” She shouted as a massive sword materialized above her, throwing it into the jelly creature. Once hitting the dogoo, it was obliterated, it vanished into data. Neptune gave IF a quick pose “Told ya, I’d take care of it.” She then walked over to where the monster was and picked up the material that was one the ground, finishing the final two quests.

“Why couldn’t have shown up earlier? Then I wouldn’t have… well you know.” IF stated “Let’s go back Nep. I’d like to go have a shower.”

Neptune lept onto IF, causing her to squeal slightly. “I’m sorry Iffy, for making you up and wet yourself. But on the bright side, your jacket at least will cover it up well.”

“Still doesn’t make up the fact that I did it.” IF responded dejectedly. “Well, nothing I can change now, let’s move.”

The two headed back to the guild and turned in all the quests. IF buttoned up her jacket so no one would know what she did. After leaving the guild they went to the basilicom. After entering the living quarters Neptune shouted, “Were back!”

Histoire, Nepgear, and Compa moved into the room and welcomed the two back. IF pulled off her jacket as she moved toward the bathroom. Nepgear noticed something off “What the goodness? Why are you wet IF? Did you fall in a puddle?”

“You weren’t out for long like that were you? You could catch a cold.” Compa added.

“While we were looking for the last monster, Iffy wet herself.” Neptune blurted out.

IF’s face lit up like a Christmas tree “Nep!” she was frustrated at Neptune for blurting out the truth of the situation. IF then just ran off to the bathroom and slammed the door.

Histoire floated up to Neptune “That was rather rude of you. She must be quite embarrassed, and probably want to keep that between the two of you. You need to apologize when she gets out. But I must say, I am pleased with the work you two did.”

“O-Okay.” Neptune replied.

A couple of hours later, IF had finished her shower, washed and dried her clothes, and ended up accepting Neptune’s apology. IF sat on the couch, and watched Neptune play games on the floor. Histoire was off doing paper work, Compa was starting dinner, and Nepgear was tinkering in her room.

Neptune was playing a Mayro Kart, and as she played she moved her body side to side following the turns in the game. IF noticed something, Neptune would squirm from time to time. Especially between races. A devious plot started to form in IF’s mind, in form of payback for what Neptune did. Neptune continued to play and eat snacks that were brought to her by Nepgear earlier in the night. About another half an hour later Neptune was moving around enough to the point that she couldn’t stay still. IF at this time went into the bathroom and locked the door. A couple of minutes later there was a knock at the door.

“Hey! Open up! I need to get in there!” Neptune yelled.

“Sorry Nep, occupied.” IF responded.

“Hmmm. Okay, just hurry up. I haven’t gone all day.” Neptune said. Just over a minute later she felt a small warmth grace her panties, alerting her about what was about to happen. “Seriously, hurry up and get out Iffy! I’m about to burst here! I already leaked!”

IF smiled, she was close to getting her revenge. “Sorry Nep. Shouldn’t be much longer now.” She lied.

Neptune held herself as she bounced on a foot. “Aggghhh, crap, crap. I’m peeing.” Neptune said as the liquid flowed from her body, into her panties, and onto the floor. IF opened the door to see Neptune.

“Ha, it’s time for you to piss yourself Nep, see how it feels.” IF said with her arms crossed.

Once Neptune realized IF did that on purpose, she jumped on IF tackling her while she was still peeing. Showering IF’s lower half, “Well, if I’m gonna wet myself, at least I won’t be the only one wet.”

IF tried to move out from under Neptune but failed. “L-Let go Nep, what the crap!?” ‘It’s warm…’ she thought as the urine fell onto her own shorts and panties.

“I’m not letting go, until I’m done peeing. Which I almost am. This is your punishment for making me wet myself.” Neptune stated in a cheerful tone.

IF stopped trying to move, knowing she wasn’t as strong as the CPU. Her face turned red from the situation she found herself in.

“Ahh, and done. Now I guess we should take a shower now.” Neptune stated.

IF agreed in her mind before realizing what she said “W-W-What? What do you mean we?”

“I mean both of us, duh. What else would it mean? We both have pee on us, so why not?” Neptune questioned.

“B-Because it’d be weird, and we’d be n-n…” IF started before trailing off and getting intrupted.

“Naked, nude, or something else that means the same thing. It doesn’t matter, we’re both girls. And we also need more fanservice for the readers. You don’t want to smell like pee for the rest of the day, do you?”

IF took a breath before speaking “Fine, I guess you’re right.”

“Awesome! Let’s get in there then.” Neptune stood up and walked into the room in front of them and IF followed. The two got undressed and started the wash for their clothes. Neptune then started up the shower for the two, and they got under the water.

Something was nagging IF in the back of her mind, as she washed Neptune’s back. A question that kept popping up for the past several minutes. “Nep. Why did you wait till just a little bit ago to use the bathroom, when you could have gone earlier? You said you had held it all day.”

Neptune blushed a little before answering “Well… sometimes, I like to see how long I can hold out until I have to make a run. It creates a bit of a challenge during periods of playing games. And when I do get to the toilet, the relief is amazing.”

“So, you like to hold your pee? Have you peed yourself before just now?” IF asked.

“No. I haven’t had someone block the bathroom like that. The worst I’ve done before was leaking a small stream as I entered the bathroom. It’s a strange feeling though. Actually, peeing my panties.”

“Hold on a minute, are you saying that you liked that?” IF questioned, not sure how to gage the situation.

“I don’t know. I just know it felt great to finally, let it go… you know~” Neptune teased as she washed IF’s back, reminding IF of her own accident. “Didn’t it feel great to just stop the uncomfortable holding and just to let it flow out. And it’s nice and warm, well at least at first.”

In IF’s mind she did agree that it was nice to let go. But she could never just let herself pee her underwear just for the reason of convenience. Unless, maybe, just possibly, in the chance that it was an emergency and there was no toilet anywhere nearby. Something brought her out of her thinking, or rather two things. Neptune grabbed IF’s chest “W-W-What the h… Let go Nep!”

“Nope, they feel surprisingly nice despite being so small.” Neptune responded.

“You can’t say anything about size!” IF shouted back, as she made a counter attack and grabbed Neptune’s chest.

“At least I can grow, you can’t.” Neptune retaliated.

“S-Shut up!” IF yelled as she reached for Neptune’s sides in a tickle attack.

“Bwhahahahaha, s-st-stop it… Iffy. Hahahaha, please Iffy… I give. I give, just stop… Hahahaha…” Neptune breathed heavily for a couple of moments after IF pulled away.

“Let’s finish washing up, hands to yourself this time Nep.” IF said in a firm tone.

“Fine…” she pouted a little.

Nobody noticed what happened and the rest of the day went by without any further incident.

______

A couple of weeks later had passed and not much changed for everyone. Or at least at the surface level. In the visits that IF had to the basilicom, she noticed multiple times where Neptune would fidget around as she sat. There were even a few times where Neptune would look her way and wink as she held herself. IF never saw anything more than a leak from Neptune, which usually wasn’t that bad anyway. During times when Histoire forced Neptune out of the basilicom and work, a few of them where with IF.

The two of them grew accustomed to hold as long as they could, in an attempt to complete as much work as possible, until it was necessary to go. And then would do so on the ground. In one instance, IF wasn’t able to get her shorts out of the way and wet herself. Neptune then wet herself in an attempt to cheer up IF. Good thing for IF is that she wore dark cloths and squatted down just enough for the pee not to get on her legs, and her large coat helped as well. Neptune on the other hand wore a skirt so she was easily able to just get her panties wet. They continued their lives almost as normal as before. Testing the limits of their holding as much as they could, without allowing others to catch on. Or at least the best that they could.

*003*2017-12-23 04:36

{{On 12/21/2017 at 7:14 AM, white_wolf said:

Agreed, Iffy is one of my favorite characters from the games.

}}

I'm glad you two enjoyed the story. IF is also one of my favorite characters, Neptune is my favorite overall. Which is your favorite game?

*006*2017-12-24 23:24

{{On 12/23/2017 at 12:19 AM, white_wolf said:

I've have only played the first 3 and only beat the first 2. I liked 2 alot better than 1. Blanc, Ram, and Rom are my favorite characters though.

}}

To clarify, do you mean the ps3 versions, or the re:birth versions. I've played the re:birth ones, and I have a hard time picking between the first and third one. The second one is good too. I don't have, but have watched the first game on the ps3. It wasn't so good, but I did enjoy Nisa and Gust, who of course are not in the re:birth games. I like those three as well, but there are only a few characters in this series that I genuinely dislike.

{{On 12/23/2017 at 2:49 AM, DsGSilver said:

Nep-Nep is a top tier waifu.

}}

Yes, nothing else is needed to be said.

{{23 hours ago, deepAzure said:

Nep omo stories are a rarity amoung rarities.

}}

They really are.

