Roka-tan's at it again with Seasonal content (Story Suggestion phase)

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2016-10-06 18:41

So, I've been thinking...

My annual content submission for seasonal stories is coming up and I've been debating over doing a Halloween special, like previous years. The thing is, I've got too many ideas and no fixed plan. Also, as some of my readers may know (my loyal ones, that is) I also suffer from a sever lack of motivation for writing sometimes. Thankfully, this'll be another One-Shot-Wonder, like my old Halloween special and my out-of-season-seasonal submission last year (Titled: 'How to rehabilitate a Perv-Dog').

Back to the main point: if any of you reading this have any real ideas as to what kind of Halloween story (if you want a Halloween story) you want to see, please, for my own sanity, comment them here or PM them to me. Just keep in mind my usual Story Rules (some are doubled with my RP rules listed in my 'About me'), and the ones here:

1. I can only write Loli/loli-like teen, and no character older than 16, well.

2. I write Females best, and will only include Female Wetting/Desperation. I can write males, but only as extras and not the focus of the Omo-centric content.

3. I can't write and won't write messing. Sorry, but the idea of writing it just sickens me. :/ Got nothing against those who like it, it's just 'each to their own', and messing does not fit into my 'Own'.

4. I also don't write ABDL/Dom-Sub/MM pairings. I'm okay with including nappies (diapers, for the Americans) but only for realism. I don't write full on Diaper wetting.

If you've got ideas, submit them in this format:

1. Say which characters you want me to include. They can be from my own works or, if you want some new OC's from me, just say. I don't write fanfics as I find them too limiting to creativity and I don't know a lot of Fandoms. If you give me a good enough description and allow for me to brainstorm with you, you could submit your own OC ideas. Please make sure they fit by my above rules.

2. Say what kind of setting. Do you want a Fairground haunted house, or perhaps a real one? How do the characters end up there/why are they there? Just the basics for setting a plot will be needed, I can fill in the gaps.

3. Say, if you want, what kind of wettings/desperation you want included. This isn't necessary as I can create these. But, if there's one kind of wetting you really want to see, just say and I'll aim to provide.

I'm posting this now as it'll probably take me the best of this month to actually start planning this. Procrastination for the win...

I'm closing submissions for this at the end of the second week of October (Friday 14th) as it'll take me a while to write it up for submission on the 31st. If so many people's ideas work well together, I may include several people's submissions. I'll credit my sources at the end of the story in the Afterword.

Other than the above, have fun and think things up. :) I'm open for most suggestions.

~Roka-tan

FOOTNOTE: Already got two story requests and opening up for a few more. Of course, my followers got first dibs on requests. I'm taking up to five more requests as I could then space the submissions over the week preceding Halloween. Please follow the above ruling for suggestions. If you are unfamiliar with my work, here are my previous seasonal submissions. Please, peruse them and see if you like my style before making submissions, as they're the kind of thing you'll be getting.

2014 Halloween Special: 'Sweet Relief - Sera Sisters'

2015 Seasonal-Unseasonal Special: 'How to Rehabilitate a Perv Dog'

