How it feels to wet yourself in class (Girl)

Author: [Insert Omo]

*000*2017-04-10 03:12

For MaggieZStar

That pained look, it's smeared alł face, giving your class a good idea about the situation your in. Your eyes are slammed shut and drops of sweat begin to run down your face. Crossing your legs and squirming, you try to keep your bloated bladder in check, but with your hands firmly pressed against your skirt, it's quite obvious what's going to happen at any minute...

As another wave of torture swipes at your bladder, your eyes spring wide open as tears begin to pour onto your desks. Like a plate of jelly, you wobble around and move uncontrollably and erratically, but continue to try holding back the pressure. Even through this immeasurable torment, you still hold on.

Desperation lands another hit on you, causing more than a slight tinkle to escape, making a large puddle form on your seat. With your head hung in shame, muffled giggles start appearing from around the classroom as more people to change their attention to your suffering.

Only moments from lunch, your mind continues to hold onto a false hope, begging and pleading for a miracle. But as you become aware of an impending pressure, your body is freezes in fear like a Medusa victim. Your bladder walls start to crack as little spouts of pee burst out at random, making a large, noticeable wet-spot appear in the center of your skirt.

As you call for help, it's already too late... Your beaten bladder releases a titanic sized flood, hosing your seat in a warm liquid, overflowing and slamming against the floor loudly like hail on a car. The entire class gazes at you, watching in awe at your useless struggles. You feel the warm liquid gushing into your hands, coving them with your own juices.

The classroom bursts into laughter, joking at your misery, shaming you with every name under the Sun. The teacher is helpless to stop the crowd, unable to save you from the mercy of your pupils, your life is over...

*001*2017-04-10 03:15

This story's situation was supplied to me from the one, the only MaggieZStar, please don't give me the credit, she gave me the idea!

Note: this isn't true, yes I have wet myself in a classroom before, but all of those times I was wearing a diaper...

As always, any constructive criticism or opinion is very welcome as it helps me to improve!

Kindest Regards

[Insert omo]

*002*2017-04-10 08:08

Thank you!

Its always nice nice to know that your appreciated...

