Old historical source I found discussing a Roman woman wetting herself
	(very real, trust me)
Author: idunno0

*000*2025-07-11 02:59

{{:

From The Shadow of an Empire: On the Obscured and the Overlooked of Roman History, Vol. II, Book VI, by John Yves Goldman, Ph.D.

(Cambridge: Penhaligon & Sons Academic Press, 1934)

[...]

9: On Infrastructure of Underrated Importance

[...]

11. Nonetheless even in those early days Rome was renowned across the world for her great network of aqueducts; and her sewage management, advanced far beyond anything the world had glimpsed ere.

12. It is, however, a fact ofttimes overlooked, for it might deduct from those prideful boasts, that vital Roman facilities were far from accessible to all; for the city all throughout the year was overrun with crowds; and where their dwellings sprawled the densest, toilets – as far as we can call them thus – were fewest.

13. We know from the works of Marcus Calicio Tulius, curator aquarum, that it was not seen as abnormal, nor was it viewed as a dire concern to address, for ten score of citizens to share only a few public occasions for relief; and for male Romans this was most often a social occasion, treated as a time of leisure and near serene camaraderie.

14. A Plebeian woman did not enjoy so many freedoms. Such as has continued to be the case throughout most if not all of human history, she would have been expected to more fiercely safekeep her personal modesty and hold her bladder when not at home; and thus she would have been largely exempt from these aforementioned rare public occasions.

15. Yet even within such a woman's place of residence (in the city of Rome these were most often terribly crowded insulae), to share a singular latrine between multiple families was a notion far too common to engender any consideration of change. Most sources agree that this could prove to be arduous, if not outright painful; and it should thus not be a terrible reach to surmise that these circumstances must have in some cases led to shameful incidents.

16. For even amongst a people as the Romans, failure of the urinary bladder was by large a topic deemed unworthy to dwell upon, sources detailing incidents of the aforementioned variety are rare, but not entirely unheard of.

17. Notably, the Roman-Thracian chronicler Accaleiaxus (the "Roman" half is likely only attributed to him by himself) describes one very telling ordeal in a manner that is unique yet overlaid with a decadence which even amongst Rome and her boasts could be just enough to topple itself toward the side of implausibility.

18. By means of these writings which de facto may be a fantasy (it is debated whether Accaleiaxus did indeed visit Rome within his lifetime), we follow the tale of an unnamed woman who, if we are indeed to believe the source, became enmeshed within a web of errands and crowded streets that did keep her from tending to her urinary needs; and thus the lack of access to occasions available to her did prove fatal; and indubitably quite telling of urban Roman life.

19. In later and less noteworthy derivative works, the woman is occasionally referred to as "Lucia."

20. There is however no true precedent which allows for the belief that she was indeed named thus; for it is evident from Accaleiaxus' original work that he did not interact with, much less query the woman about her name, and that he was thus merely a most eager observer.

21. Preceding anything of historical value, Accaleiaxus spends many a page describing the woman’s skin, her hair, and finally the curves of her hips and breasts, with all the self-indulgence typical for his era. Indeed, this ought not to surprise us.

22. Accaleiaxus does continue these misplaced affections throughout; and more than once does he name it an "ill jest of the Gods to wrought a being of such evanescent beauty if for naught but to torment her with these wet humiliations."

[...]

26. It was in that place that Accaleiaxus, alongside most subsequent derivative sources, describe the woman as standing with "both hands cradling her sex through the folds of her garb," clearly to be interpreted as a stance of great distress.

27. All accounts agree that she appeared "pitifully confused and as hopelessly lost as she was alone;" and not long thereafter "briny tears and steaming urine" did mingle amongst the cobblestones; and this was said to be a "shame which surely the Gods concede must be requited soon by means of a prosperous future, happiness which echoes into Elysium; for in that moment she looked as though the very meaning of sorrow made into flesh."

[...]

XXX. Whether or not these accounts can be relied on to present truthful observations, it is indubitable that they lay bare parts of an either way very real shadow side of urban life in ancient Rome, which has been well-observed by academics worldwide. Many of them agree that perhaps the writings of Accaleiaxus and related chroniclers are only meant to be interpreted as a wry appeal from Roman citizens to their rulers, demanding change by means of offensive fiction.

[[...]]

}}

*002*2025-07-13 21:40

{{1 hour ago, Bismiris said:

Fascinating. I guess folks like us existed back then too 😁

}}

There were people in ancient Rome whose job it was to collect urine to be used in tanning and stuff. I wonder if there's an overlap there.

*006*2025-07-16 21:48

{{7 hours ago, Weasel said:

Nicely done, @idunno0

. I tip my hat to you.

(Everyone else: this is posted in Fiction for a reason.)

}}

It is indeed well-posted here, for there exists no greater leisure than the broadening of one's academic horizons. Thank you.

