Fatima's Anguish

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2018-01-20 11:43

Oh, I need to make water so badly!

Princess Fatima didn’t exactly know how long she had been newly imprisoned in the dungeon, but it was long enough to make her urgently need to urinate. Unfortunately, she could not attend to her need as she was shackled to the wall by her wrists.

She did know how exactly she got here, however.

She had been on a heavily guarded caravan to Baghdad to be married to Prince Abdul, the son of the city’s sultan. Her father the Caliph had arranged the marriage as an attempt to foster better relations with the rival Abbasid Caliphate. While the caravan was in the middle of the desert, it made a stop as Fatima desperately needed to urinate. Shortly after she finished going behind a sand dune, the caravan was set upon by desert brigands, or that’s what they appeared to be at first. Fatima watched in horror as the caravan was overrun and everyone else---slave and soldier alike---was put to the sword.

But when she tried to run away, one of the brigands came up from behind her and hit her in the back of the head with the pommel of his scimitar, rendering her unconscious. She later briefly woke up in a semi-conscious state and was dimly aware that she was being carried. When she came up to, she found herself chained up in this dungeon. She wondered who it was that abducted her as it didn’t look like she was in any brigand hideout. Shortly afterward, a rough-looking guard came in and shoved a pitcher of water in her face. She was so thirsty that she didn’t say anything as he briefly unshackled one hand so she could gulp it all down. Soon it went to her bladder and worse yet, no one else came in the dungeon again for several more hours.

Fatima moaned and pressed her knees together. She longed to take off her baggy silk trousers and empty her bladder into the wooden bucket that was placed cruelly at the other end of the dungeon. She knew it was haram to mention her need to relieve herself to strange men, but if she didn’t get the attention of anyone else outside soon, she was afraid she would wet herself.

Just then, the iron door opened and two guards stepped in along with an extravagantly-dressed, handsome man in his early 20’s. Fatima was shocked to see that it was Prince Ahmed of Gaza. Fatima knew that Ahmed was always smitten with her, but she never reciprocated it, for she also was aware of his unscrupulous reputation (fortunately, her father was aware as well, so there would be no arranged marriage in the future). However, she never considered that he would be brazen enough to do something like this.

“How are you doing this afternoon, my pretty?” Ahmed said, grinning lecherously.

Ignoring her bladder, Fatima responded with haughty defiance. “How dare you abduct a family member of the Fatimid Caliphate? My father will have your head!”

Ahmed laughed. “And what will that doddering old lump of camel dung do to me if he doesn’t know where you are, let alone that I’m responsible? My men made sure one of your guards was left alive to get news back to Cairo. As far as anyone will know, you were taken by brigands. Even my father doesn’t know you’re here!” The Sultan of Gaza had grown senile and was rarely seen anymore, thus leaving his son as de facto ruler.

Ahmed then noticed her trembling, dancing legs with amusement.

“Ah, you need to piss, I see.”

Fatima’s face turned red with embarrassment, appalled at his vulgarity.

“Well, maybe you’ll get to do that when you agree to be my wife without that stubbornness. I prefer spirit in my stallions, not my women. I’ll be back in another four hours.”

He laughed again and turned around and walked out.

“Hey, wait!” Fatima called out after him, but it was too late.

Fatima continued to fidget in despair. Her need to urinate was a white-hot agony now and she felt there was no way she could make it till then. She hadn’t wet herself since she was three years old and she didn’t want to now.

There was nothing she could do except try and not to think about it. Miraculously, she was able to do so as the minutes and hours crawled agonizingly by.

Just as he said, Ahmed came back. “Have you changed your mind yet?” he asked as he yet again put on his lecherous, sadistic grin.

Fatima didn’t care about haram anymore. She had to go NOW.

“P-Please, PLEASE unchain me, I really need to pass water, please!” Fatima begged, close to tears. Her legs were involuntarily dancing furiously in place. “I’ll be yours and I’ll do whatever you want, please l…”

“And how do I know you’re just telling me what I want to hear so you can urinate?” Ahmed said, clearly enjoying her agony. His two guards also laughed. “Maybe I’ll leave you here overnight until you’re sincere.”

“PLEASE, I need to….” Then Fatima just couldn’t hold on any longer. “Oh, no, no, NO, NO, NO!!!” She began to cry as urine seemed to explode into her trousers and flooded down her legs. An enormous puddle formed at her feet and the spattering sound echoed off the walls of the dungeon. Ahmed and the guards and stared at the amount of liquid that came out of her with amazement, then they started to laugh. Fatima ignored them as she hung her head down and sobbed with humiliation. She hoped her father would figure out what happened soon.

*005*2018-04-07 13:09

{{On 2/4/2018 at 1:06 AM, Ranganath said:

This was awesome! Are you planning to continue it?

}}

I wasn't planning to, but I could try.

*007*2018-06-12 00:46

I'm starting to write a sequel right now (I hope I don't get writer's block). I plan on having Ahmed subjecting poor Fatima to more bladder torture, of course.

I should have also written something about Fatima feeling bad for not getting to pray to Mecca.

*008*2018-06-21 05:18

Okay, here is a little more:

"See? Now you don't need to urinate anymore. I'll see you in the morning."

Ahmed laughed some more and then he and the guards walked out.

Fatima continued to cry. Her urine-soaked trousers soon turned cold against her leg. The entire dungeon reeked.

The crying eventually subsided as Fatima figured it would do no good anyway. She tried to sleep, but her arms ached.

Hours passed. The smell in the dungeon grew worse. Fatima's bladder once again felt full and she also felt the need to defecate (she hoped she would at least be allowed to attend to that). She also felt dirty and grimy---this was the longest she had ever been without a bath.

Soon it was dawn and Prince Ahmed and his guards came in. He pinched his nose.

"So have you changed your mind yet?"

"Yes...I will be your wife."

Fatima thought the best thing to do at this point was to play along.

Ahmed smiled sinisterly. "Good! Now to unchain you. I know need a bath, and you need to piss again, I bet."

The guards laughed. Fatima's face turned red.

Fatima was unshackled, had a veil put on her face, and taken under guard to latrines upstairs to attend to her business. Then she was led to the main palace to bathing quarters. She was given clothing that was similar to her soiled attire, but was red instead of her usual blue, and to her dismay was less modest, including a blouse that showed off more cleavage. She also prayed to Mecca afterwards (she felt ashamed about being able to pray the day before even though it wasn't by choice).

After a light breakfast brought by a young slave woman, Fatima was given a heavier veil and an abaya to put on and then taken to a nearby mosque by Ahmed and several more guards for the marriage. The ceremony took hours and Fatima's bladder began to feel full again.

They all headed back to the palace after the ceremony. Her need to urinate had grown worse. They stepped inside and Ahmed grabbed her hand.

"Come, my beloved," he said, smiling evilly.

"I need to relieve myself first," Fatima replied, dancing from foot to foot.

Ahmed slapped her, hard. She cried out. The shock of it nearly made her lose control of her bladder.

"If you need to piss, you ask permission first! Now say, 'Permission to relieve myself, husband?'"

"Permission to relieve myself, husband?" Fatima asked while pressing her thighs together.

"No, you may not. You will just have to hold it," Ahmed replied cruelly. "You are also going back in irons. That is your punishment for your insolence. Guards, take her away!"

The guards grabbed Fatima by her wrists and dragged her to the direction of the dungeons. Fatima began to cry and scream and struggle futilely.

"No, no, please, I really need to make water!"

"Such a pity...I was hoping to have you in my bed tonight," Ahmed said. "Perhaps later, my love!"

"Noooo!" Fatima wailed.

###

Apologies to any Muslim and/or Arab readers for any possible cultural errors.

*010*2018-06-23 02:33

{{On 6/21/2018 at 2:14 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was a great chapter even though I want to punch Ahmed

}}

Yeah, he is terrible.

I had a spoiled rich Gulf Arab in mind when coming up with his character, only set in the early Islamic era.

*012*2018-09-16 10:41

Here's more (I've been suffering from serious writers' block):

Fatima was dragged back to the dungeons to a different one than she was in before and shackled with her hands back above her head, only this time to the ceiling instead of to the wall. There were four other women (as attractive as Fatima) in the dungeon shackled in the same manner in a circle, including the young slave woman she encountered earlier. The slave woman was a brunette Ukrainian. Another was a Persian. The third was Indian and the fourth was a Mongol woman. They were desperate to urinate also.

The slave (whose name was Oxana) knew enough Arabic to get by, and the Persian (whose name was Parisa) was fluent in Arabic and Hindi, so Fatima could talk to them and translate for the Indian woman (whose name was Varsha), but the Mongol woman didn't know any of the three languages and suffered in silence.

"I...have to pee!" Oxana exclaimed, shifting from foot to foot. "I drop glass on accident, and Master send me here before I can go!"

"I am a merchant's wife. My husband has a trade mission in Damascus and I was abducted late in the night," Parisa said, her legs trembling. "The Prince keeps having me shackled in the dungeon for long periods for refusing to sleep with him. I always try to hold my water for as long as I can, but I have soiled myself several times." She put her head down in shame.

"I am a queen consort. I too was abducted during a raid, but was sold into slavery," Varsha said while pressing her thighs close together. "Prince Ahmed purchased me at an auction and said I was free, but continues to chain me in this dungeon because I will not be his wife. Why is he so cruel? And I need to urinate, I am in so much pain!"

"He seems to enjoy torturing us in this way," Parisa noted.

"He is a very sick-minded man," Fatima said.

Hours passed, and Fatima's desperation grew even worse, as did the other women's.

Oxana was the first to lose control. She burst into tears and began to wet herself. Urine poured down her legs, soaking the lower front half of her garments and making a good-sized puddle on the dungeon floor. The other women could only look on in sympathy.

For the first time in her life, it dawned on Fatima how terrible it must be for slave-women to have to receive permission from their masters and mistresses to use the latrine. She remembered how her teenaged handmaiden Leila was never allowed to leave her sight for any reason for the entire day. She always looked like she was in pain, but Fatima never asked why. She would have liked to amend this somehow, but Leila's body was now lying in the desert with her throat slit.

The Mongol woman was the next to wet herself. She cried softly as she emptied her bladder into her dress, making her own puddle on the ground.

A couple of hours later, Parisa could not hold on any longer. She urinated in her clothes in silence as tears streamed down her cheeks. The three women's puddles became one.

Fatima and Varsha were the only holdouts and were both in agony. The dungeon reeked.

"Ugh, it stinks!" Parisa said. "I cannot believe the prince is aroused by this."

*015*2018-10-30 04:25

Some more:

Soon Ahmed and his guards arrived.

"Dinner time, my lovelies! Some of you will need a bath first, I see," he said, making his evil smile again.

He looked at both Fatima and Varsha, both of whom were dancing from foot to foot.

"You two have still managed to keep your clothes dry. I'm impressed!"

He looked toward Oxana.

"But this filthy slave hasn't. Typical."

Oxana put her head down, her eyes welling up with tears.

"Please let us use the latrines!" Varsha begged. "I am in pain!"

Ahmed laughed. "In time, I will.

They were all unchained and Parisa and the Mongol woman were taken to the bathing quarters. Fatima, Varsha, and Oxana were spirited away to a grand dining hall. Oxana was forced to stand at attention in her soiled clothes.

The other two soon arrived in new clean clothes.

They were served a several-course dinner, but none of the women were really hungry, especially Fatima and Varsha (it was hard for them to think of food while struggling to control their bladders). Fatima noted she hadn't been able to pray to Mecca since this morning, and Prince Ahmed didn't seem to pray at all. She was not surprised in the least that he was an apostate.

Varsha turned toward Fatima with an anguished look on her face, her welling up with tears.

"I don't know much longer I can hold on, Fatima!" she whispered. She was fidgeting furiously in her chair.

"Me, neither, Varsha," Fatima whispered back. "But we must try."

"No talking at the dinner table!" Ahmed snapped. "If you don't both up, I won't let you go urinate after dinner."

After a while, a group of pretty dancing girls came out. They looked rather distressed. Fatima noticed one of them shifting from foot to foot while she stood and immediately knew why. Such an awful, twisted, evil man.

Ahmed snapped at them to dance. They were no more than two minutes into their routine when the distressed girl Fatima noticed cried out, stopped dancing, and pressed both hands in her crotch. Urine flowed into her purple harem pants and onto the floor beneath her as she tried in vain to stop it.

At the site of this, Varsha's bladder could take no more. She burst into tears and put her face in her hands. Urine seemed to explode from underneath her, running onto the carpet and saturating her sari.

And that was when Fatima could not hold it any longer. Her tortured sphincter muscles gave way as urine poured into her harem pants, making her own puddle on the carpet beneath her. She cried in silence and shame where she sat, tears streaming down her cheeks, her face red. The warm liquid clung sickly to the fabric of her pants legs. She tried to ignore the laughter of the guards. Parisa and the Mongol woman could only look on in sympathy.

Prince Ahmed watch it all transfixed, obviously aroused and amused.

"That is another day in the dungeon for you women. How filthy. The carpet is ruined!"

###

I'm not sure how to continue this.

