Isabelle's Dilemma (By NinMaster712 on DeviantArt)

Author: I like popcorn

*000*2020-04-30 19:00

This fanfiction was written by NinMaster712 on DeviantArt, I thought this was a really good story so I reposted it here!

Link: https://www.deviantart.com/ninmaster712/art/Isabelle-s-Dilemma-REWRITTEN-AC-NL-Omorashi-785492443

It was an unnaturally hot summer morning in the small town of Tomodachia. On a typical day, all the animal villagers would be going about enjoying their daily lives... but not today. Everyone cranked out their fans in an attempt to keep cool all day.

The mayor, a firm but kind-hearted lad named Jack, had brought a bunch of fans from his home storage into the office to keep him and his sweet, young shih tzu secretary, Isabelle, cooled off. "Phew... If I wouldn't have bought all these last month, we'd have burned to death!" he huffed.

Isabelle took a sip from her water bottle and said, "That's why I've been drinking a bunch of these... Not gonna melt away today!" She tried her best to avoid what Jack had metaphorically said might happen.

"Sheesh... Jill's gonna have a rough time with her garden today..." Jack sighed.

"Who?" Isabelle asked.

Jack snapped his fingers, "That's right, you've never met her... Jill's my best friend, see. She asked me to come over to her town for a little bit today to help her out with her flowers. But this heatwave might mess everything up," he moped. "Say, maybe you could come with me?"

"Oh, I don't know, Mayor... I barely know her all too well..." Isabelle muttered, chugging down some more water.

Jack begged, "Come on, please? You two would make great friends... and I may need someone to manage trade..."

Isabelle sighed and said, "Okay, I suppose I could tag along... but who's gonna run the Town Hall while we're gone?"

The mayor thought for a while before suggesting, "Tom Nook?"

"Tom Nook?! But... why? What about Tortimer?" Isabelle asked.

"Come on, Nook's pretty trustworthy... kinda..." Jack said. "And Tortimer's out of town, so we don't really have any other options. It'll only be an hour at most."

Isabelle finished off her water bottle and tossed it. "Alright, let's go," she said, wagging her tail a bit.

Jack got all the preparations set before heading to the train station, Isabelle close behind with a clipboard, paper, and pen. He walked up to the conductor, a monkey named Porter, and said, "We'd like to head to Pinkieville, please."

"Sure thing, Mr. Mayor!" Porter replied, stepping up to get the train started up.

As the two stepped into their car, Jack slyly turned to his secretary and whispered, "Never been too keen on that name... Pinkieville..." Isabelle giggled as she followed the mayor inside. The two sat down beside a cat named Rover, who always seemed to be riding.

In just a few minutes, the train had gotten started. As soon as the train got moving, Isabelle suddenly got the slight urge to use the bathroom. She had been drinking so many water bottles and hadn't gone all day, making for a terrible combination. She shrugged it off and assured herself, "I can just try and hold off until we get there. It's not that bad right now, anyway."

The train began chugging along, escorting them on their merry way, until Porter came to their car and asked, "Well, we're gonna be coming to a split track... You all want to head straight there or take the scenic route?"

"Scenic route!" Rover yelled out. "I always enjoy marvelling at nature's majesties when traveling by train..."

"Hmm... That sounds nice... and we've got a bit of time to spare. Let's take it," Jack said. "You don't mind that, do you, Isabelle?"

Isabelle looked up in surprise. "O-Oh, yeah, not a problem..." she muttered. She wanted to get there as soon as possible, but who knows? This detour might not take too long... hopefully. The tracks up ahead switched, and the train curved off for the longer route.

Along the way, the three passed by many beautiful sights, including a forest, flower patches, and even a butterfly grove. "Wow... You were right, Rover. It really is fun to observe nature..." Jack swooned. "Isn't it all just beautiful, Iz?"

"Huh? Y-Yeah, it's real pretty..." Isabelle awkwardly said. She hadn't really been paying much attention to the outside, mostly due to her growing need to pee.

Halfway into the ride, Isabelle began crossing her stubby legs. With each passing minute, her urge got worse and worse. Despite this, she knew she could make it to Pinkieville without issue. She assured herself, "Just a bit longer... You can hold it..."

"Guys, look, a waterfall!" Rover suddenly exclaimed, pointing out the window. "That means we're close."

"Whoa! I never knew there was one so close!" Jack exclaimed, staring out the window in awe.

Isabelle looked away as soon as she caught just the tiniest glimpse of it. "Mmph... Maybe not..." she muttered to herself. She put her paws in her lap and tried to keep everything in.

After a short while of gazing out the window, Jack turned back to his seat, only to witness his assistant squirming around in her seat. "You okay there, Iz?" he asked.

"Y-Yeah, I'm fine, Mayor..." the pup replied. She felt a little embarrassed doing something like that in front of her boss, but she also didn't want to be too much of a burden at the moment.

Eventually, they ended up at their destination. Jack waved to Rover and Porter as he stepped off and took a few steps into this awfully pink-colored town. "Alright, where's Jill? Strange, she said she would be--"

He was suddenly tackled out of nowhere by a pink-haired girl. "Hiya, Jackiiiiieee!" she excitedly said.

"Oof... Uh, h-hey, Jill... Good to see you, too," Jack mumbled. He slowly stood back up and brushed the dirt off his jacket.

Jill fixed her dress and said, "Super thankful you decided to come over." She looked over his shoulder at the shih tzu behind him and asked, "Oh, who's your friend there?"

Jack wasn't paying attention to her question. He secretly had a crush on Jill ever since the two first became neighbors. Those shimmering eyes, thick glasses, soft pink hair...

"Um... Mayor? She asked you something..." Isabelle muttered, snapping to get him out of his trance.

Jack shook his head. "Hmm? Oh! Sorry about that... This is my secretary, Isabelle."

"Pleased to meet you," Isabelle greeted, reaching her paw out to shake. She tried her best to keep her cool, despite the twitchy feeling between her legs.

The two shook hands as Jill said, "Nice to meet you, too! Anyway, Jack, I wanted to know your secrets to having an excellent town..."

"Excellent to-- I thought you wanted me to help with your garden..." Jack sighed.

"Well, kinda," Jill explained. "I just told you that because I was a little too embarrassed to tell you the full story. I'm still a newbie at this mayoring thing..."

Jack groaned a bit in his head as he explained to her, "Okay, first things first. This is a must-know for anyone, mayor or not... Save up your bells, don't go spending it all frivolously on stuff like new clothes..."

"Awww..." Jill whined. "Oh, but that reminds me, did you want this sweater? It's totally not my style." She pulled a pink, sequin-covered sweater out of her satchel and gave it to Jack.

Jack politely accepted it and placed it into his own bag. "Um... Thanks..." he muttered. He thought about what he would use it for. "I might not want it, but I might NEED it later... even if it isn't cold out... Who knows?"

Isabelle stood back a bit, doing a slight potty dance for the last minute or two they were talking. She decided this was the perfect time to let the mayor know about her dilemma. She tapped him on the shoulder and whispered, "Excuse me... Mayor? I kinda need to..."

"Hmm? What was that, Isabelle?" Jack asked.

"Um... n-never mind..." she muttered.

As the two mayors turned back to each other to chat some more, Isabelle muttered to herself, "I can't tell him I need to go... So embarrassing..."

"Alright, so let's get started," Jack suddenly said. "Come along, Isabelle. I'll need you to take notes while I teach Jill all there is to know... just in case I forget..."

Isabelle groaned in her head as she followed the two mayors. "Great... Even if I would have told him, I couldn't go, anyway," she mumbled. "Hopefully it won't take too long, like the mayor said. And even if it does, I'll just have to wait until they go off on a tangent so I can sneak away..."

Jill led the two to the Pinkieville Town Hall. "Alright, let's start off right here..." she said.

Jack stared up at the oddly colorful building. "Soooo... A pink hall..."

"Yep! It's kinda my favorite color," Jill giggled.

"Wow, I never would have guessed..." Jack sarcastically responded. Jill didn't pick up on his sarcasm, so he just cleared his throat and got back to business. "Anyway, you'll seriously need a lot of variety when it comes to your shops. Looking around, it seems like you have so many clothing and fabric stores and not enough other places... Furniture, food... maybe some fun stuff here and there?"

"Okay..." Jill simply replied.

Jack nodded before turning to his assistant. "Be sure to write all of this down, Isabelle. It's good for her to keep a copy in case she forgets," he told her.

"O-Okay, Mayor..." Isabelle stammered. She could hardly focus with her nearly-full bladder tugging at her. All the words on the paper came out closer to that of incoherent scribbles than legible writing.

"It's pretty hot outside..." Jill sighed. "Come inside, we can continue talking in there. And I've got a big map, so, y'know, you can critique my town a bit better." She invited the two inside the Town Hall.

The interior was vastly different from the exterior. While the outside paint job made it look like a playhouse, the inside was much more expected for a town hall. It was almost exactly like Jack's, only less organized. Jack had to give her a point for that.

While the two mayors continued their discussion, Isabelle stood back, trying not to have an accident in front of them. She took a quick glance around the office for any doors that looked like they would lead to a restroom of some sort, but there didn't seem to be any. "Who designed this place?" she thought. There was only one option left for her: sneak out. She tip-toed out of the town hall to wander around for a public restroom. Luckily, neither of them saw or heard her leave.

Once outside, she looked around for any signs of a bathroom. There didn't seem to be any around. That, mixed with the disorienting nature of this new town, made it really hard for her to keep calm... especially now that her urge had grown into an emergency.

After several minutes at Jill's town hall, Jack had decided to end the conversation. "Alright... So your town is really limited... but you're saying mine is dull and uninviting?"

"Besides the name," Jill reminded him.

"Right, right, besides the name..." Jack repeated. "Alright, so let's agree on this: I promise to make my village more friendly if you make yours more expansive. Deal?"

"Deal." The two shook hands, and Jill giggled a bit. "Ah, thank you so much for the help!"

Jack chuckled a bit back. "Anytime."

Jill led him back outside with a smile. "See you later, Jack," she quietly said to him before kissing him and walking back inside.

Jack's cheeks turned red. It was so unexpected, but here they were, finally moving up the ladder. He couldn't help but celebrate a little. "Yes~! Whoooo!" he yelled as he ran off for the train station again. "Wow... Anyway, Isabelle, let's head back home and get back to work!"

He got no response. "...Isabelle?" Again, no response. He tried looking all around him, but no traces of his secretary could be found. "Oh gosh, where did that dog go...?" he asked as he tried looking around for his silly shih tzu secretary.

Meanwhile, she was stumbling around trying to find her way back. She really needed to pee, she had been lost in this new town, and she wasn't even sure if Jack was still in Town Hall. He could be ANYWHERE. She sighed and muttered, "I give up... I really goofed up this time..." before trudging back to the train with a bladder close to bursting.

"Ugh... Where did she go off to?" Jack asked. He was about to head back to ask Jill, but she was actually already on her way towards him like a speeding bullet.

"Jaaaack! Jack, Jack, are you missing your... Oh, what was her name...? Y-Your secretary!" she anxiously asked, slightly out of breath.

Jack was very clearly confused. "W-What the hell, Jill?! What's gotten you all up in a tizzy?" He then mentally smacked himself for saying something like that. "Tizzy? TIZZY?! She just kissed you, and you're saying stuff like THAT to her?! Since when did I turn into a senior citizen?"

Jill explained, "Your little secretary, I saw her out the window! She was just staggering around town alone..."

"What?!"

"She was heading towards the train station," she added. "If you want to find her, that'd be your best bet."

Jack started to worry a bit about what could have possibly gotten into her. "Oh gosh, Isabelle... Thanks, Jill."

"No prob, Jack!" she yelled after him as he sped off towards the station.

Isabelle was far ahead of him, ready to board the train. Porter and Rover were nowhere to be seen, so she assumed they were on a lunch break. "I'll just... let myself on..." she mumbled. Her bladder throbbed with each step she took. Once she was up the steps and inside the train car, she felt a tiny bit leak out. "Oh no...! No no no, please...!" she yelped. The pup crossed her legs together and placed a paw between her legs as she slowly made her way back to her original seat.

She had only been able to take a few steps before she collapsed onto the floor, desperately grabbing her crotch. Her bladder was reaching its breaking point. She couldn't hold it any longer...

Back outside, Jack ran up to the station and saw Porter sitting on a bench. "Hey, have you seen Isabelle walk by here?" he asked.

"Yeah," the monkey replied. "She was walking really slowly for some reason, and I think she might have boarded the train already."

Jack nodded as he ran inside the car and saw a familiar figure on the floor. "Isabelle?! Oh... There you are, Iz... I've been-- A-Are you okay?" he asked. He then noticed an odd smell in the air. "And... do you smell urine? Or is it just me?"

"N... No..." Isabelle squeaked. "I-It's..." She couldn't go on without starting to cry.

Wanting to know what was upsetting her, Jack took a few more steps towards her, only to be incredibly shocked at what he saw. There was Isabelle, his loyal secretary, crying while kneeling in a smelly, yellow puddle. "Oh my gosh... I-Isabelle... I... I'm speechless..." He couldn't find the proper words to describe what he was currently witnessing.

"I know... I-I'm a big screw-up, peeing myself..." Isabelle cried, choking on her tears. "You probably think I'm just a big baby..."

"No! No no no, not at all, Isabelle... It's okay..." he softly said while helping her stand back up. "Accidents happen."

Isabelle just shook her head. "I-If I would have just said something, this wouldn't have happened..." she muttered. "I feel like such a child..."

"Hey, quit beating yourself up over it," Jack told her. "Things like this happen to everyone on occasion..." He then got a brilliant idea. He dug through his bag and pulled out the sweater that Jill had given him. "I knew I would need this..."

He proceeded to tie the flashy sweater around Isabelle's waist. It didn't completely cover up the large, wet stain on her skirt or the puddle below, but it was a lot better than nothing. "Th-Thanks, Mayor..." she weakly said.

"No problem. And please... just call me Jack." He patted her on the shoulder as the train started up again, and the two rode back to Tomodachia without another word.

