Test of Faith

Author: Impressa

*000*2019-03-05 22:55

Well I watched some fantasy comedy anime and was inspired to write this, about three very unhappy clerics...

###

This is a story of three girls in white, whose faith is put to the test under the direst of circumstances. They face a terrible trial and, well, how they prevail is to be seen...

Like so many stories of this kind, so many groups of close friends, there is a tall, plain one. A freckled one with glasses. And the delicate pretty one, with wavy hair and angelic features. There is Jennifer, tall, reserved and resigned to the fact she will never be as cute as her friends. Alisa, spectacled and nervous. And Lucy, who may as well be the embodiment of an angel. They wear white dresses heavy with golden braid, gloves and stockings and white berets. Sweet, angelic outfits for the ministering angels of the church. And at the same time wholly impractical in cold weather, showing every stain and mark.

They are novices of the great church of Myra, and tonight they must do something they have dreaded the thought of for days. An overnight vigil by candlelight in the great chapel...

The matter of what happens should bodily needs arise has not escaped their minds, and there is no answer save forbearance.

###

Jennifer's Ordeal

The thought of six hours awake, mostly spent standing in a cold room lit only by candles was enough to make even the usually unflappable Jennifer complain. Not too loudly, not too extensively, but nevertheless she did not look forward to or appreciate the task.

It could not be evaded though. Were she to feign illness all that would happen was the date would be changed. And so when the other novices were heading to their beds or to their studies, Jennifer headed with her friends and dorm-mates to the great chapel. A more prudent girl would have, knowing what was to happen, made a quick stop beforehand to address a potential inconvenience. Alisa had. But Jennifer was not the sort of girl to think of such things until it was too late.

The sun had already set, for it was deep in winter. The chapel was suffused with a golden light from the dozens upon dozens of candles that offered inadequate heat for its size and cold marble floor. The vigil was easy, at least. Simply stand watch over the altar, offering prayers on the hour. The great candle burned down, marked in hours to make it easier.

Hour one passed. Jennifer offered up a short prayer in addition to those expected of her asking for good fortune in love. The others doubtless added their own personal requests to the great goddess Myra. And, as Jennifer stood up, cursing the awkward way her height had to be unfolded from kneeling on the altar-steps, she remembered she had forgotten to relieve herself before the vigil began.

Although the time for prayer was over, she begged Myra to let this oversight pass.

Myra is capricious. By hour three of the vigil, Jennifer was feeling a distinct and unwelcome pressure and, as is always the way, the more she tried to ignore it the more pressing it felt. The girls were supposed to remain silent and impassive under the gaze of divinity, but, as Jennifer looked miserably over the chapel, she could not help but notice Alisa beginning to tap her foot on the ground. Misery loved company that night. The minutes of the third hour dragged on, Jennifer feeling every one of them a weight on her aching bladder.

She had too much pride to cross her legs or fidget, and there was no way she was going to do anything so uncouth and unreserved as to hold herself before Myra and the other girls. Alisa was faring less well, making her need well known to all in present. It was not helping Jennifer's composure. From the candle's progress she estimated it was around twenty minutes before she would have to kneel again. Twenty minutes to find a solution to her predicament, for it was like a constant ache that needed ever-more concentration to bear and the slightest lapse would send first a trickle and then the torrent over the marble floor.

Jennifer was a practical girl, who had been the minor daughter of a great household before taking the white robe of Myra's temple. Extended periods without relief came as part of the noble's duty, and Jennifer remembered something her sister had told her as she endured that night. A blanket, or even if circumstances were dire a napkin or handkerchief, could serve to avoid embarrassment. In only ten minutes Jennifer would be kneeling down, likely - if she engineered it properly - in a dark corner of the altar. She did not have a scarf or handkerchief. Her cape, part of her robes of office, was too obvious to remove and too obvious to use to absorb liquid. But her cap...

Walking with delicate steps, careful not to move too suddenly lest her restraint break, she made to kneel a little to the side of the others, shadowed by the candlesticks. She feigned clumsiness, stumbling as she knelt, her white beret falling to the ground. With a great show of trying to remain businesslike, and a superhuman effort not to let her waters spill yet, she took the beret, adjusted her dress and pushed it to the aggrieved place.

As the others prayed, eyes closed, she offered thanks to Myra - and a quick apology for the desecration of her holy vestments as she sought long-needed relief. Regrettably, there was rather too much of a need for relief for one cap to contain, and in her panic she was forced to remove first one glove and then the other to make up for this. But eventually the flood ceased, and she was fairly sure her swift action had minimised the damage to her dress. It was hard to tell in the dimly lit chapel, but at least that gloom afforded a hiding-place for the ruined garments.

###

Alisa's Ordeal

Alisa had none of Jennifer's stoicism. If her bladder was telling her it was full, she would show it immediately. And the cold floor and drafts of the chapel had given her a most pressing urge by the second hour of the vigil. She had tried shifting her weight, tried tapping her foot, tried crossing her legs. Her ever-more frantic efforts to stave off the deluge had played out to the other girls as a frenzied dance of devotion to Myra above. And, by the fourth hour of the vigil, she was running rapidly out of options save cramming a delicate gloved hand tightly between her legs and writhing on the spot knock-kneed.

She had thought for a while Jennifer had been in a similar predicament, showing imperceptible signs of discomfort on her sleepy face. But after the third prayer, Jennifer had stood back up capless and bare-armed, but otherwise in perfect composure. Alisa had seen her friend stumble on the steps and assumed the beret had disappeared under the altar, her gloves ruined in an attempt to save it. She wished, not knowing the truth, she had Jennifer's bladder control.

The time for prayer was past, but Alisa was still imploring Myra to give her strength. Just five more minutes. Then ten more. Then perhaps just, if it was not too much to ask of the divinity, another hour. But Myra cared not, and Alisa was all but bent double long before the candle was even halfway to the fifth hour-mark. It was probably best for the others' sanity that they were sworn to silence.

Losing control would spell disaster for Alisa's reputation among the novices. But her body was telling her, loudly and constantly, that there was no way she could hold her water for an hour and a half more. Indeed, as a fresh wave of desperation passed over her, she had her doubts about surviving the next five minutes with dry underclothes.

"Myra forgive me for this desecration of your holy sacraments..." Praying for forgiveness before you had sinned seemed the prudent thing to do. Unless...

The chapel floor where Alisa stood was a grate over the stairs down to the catacombs. She had, in her time, managed to relieve herself standing up, even sometimes while wearing a dress. It took some precision, but it could be done. Feeling for the cloth of her undergarments through the bunched material of the dress, she slipped them to one side, set her feet apart (the act of uncrossing her legs requiring one last heroic burst of resilience) and hoped that the imminent waterfall would not be so loud as to draw attention.

###

Lucy's Ordeal

Lucy's face and composure did not show it but she, too, was in a state of desperation. She viewed it as a test from Myra, a test of faith and endurance. Only by spending the night in this constant suffering of fullness could her righteousness be shown.

She was not going to give in, not going to show weakness. The others must not - would not - ever know she had the bodily weaknesses they did. She was the angel of the church, and angels were above showing such things. She was sure Jennifer had done something some time ago, and that Jennifer would need to answer to Myra for it.

And then from Alisa's direction she heard something that made her freeze, made the act of enduring Myra's trial so much harder. The sound of water flowing against a metal grate. Outrage at the very idea of a novice of Myra urinating before the altar made her flush red, but any holy fury was curtailed first by her vow of silence for the vigil and secondly by the fact that the sound of running water was making it even harder to hold her own in. Her body screamed for relief, for even the blessed pressure of a gloved hand balling up fabric between her shoulder-width-apart legs.

"Myra, give me strength, your weak servant, to see this night through with purity intact. Forgive your profane servant Alisa her weakness. Forgive Jennifer her own deceptions. And grant-me-the-strength-not-to-wet-myself..."

Putting it so bluntly in her silent prayer did not help. There was but ninety minutes left.

Her air of divinity was sorely challenged. Her thoughts, so often purely of Myra's teaching, were now flooded - no, a bad word - overwhelmed by the need to relieve herself. She breathed deeply, trying to settle her mind. Alisa had finally finished.

"The Book of Myra, Chapter Eighteen. A Prayer for Strength. Myra, Lady of all Power, grant your serv-servant the strength to pe-pee-pee-peersevere through all trials and tri-trickle-TRIBULATIONS that they face. Let not storm no please not storms not rain not water STOP THINKING ABOUT WATER LUCY YOU AREN'T MAKING THIS EASIER. NO! Chapter Nineteen, a Prayer for no no no no no that's a prayer for the harvest for rain YOU THOUGHT ABOUT RAIN AGAIN LUCY you- Oh, Myra, save me."

Lucy felt the first drops of urine warm her underclothes. And her body, having felt relief, was not going to let anything stop that. The angel of the church felt dampness spread across her white dress, felt liquid trickling down her silk stockings and pooling in her shoes. The others noticed before long, noticed dark stains blossoming on her dress, noticed the spreading pool at her feet.

"Myra, Lady of all Power, please, wipe these images from the memories of these your servants. Please, let my shame this night be known only to you..."


