River of Dreams - superpower fanfiction

Author: idraita

*000*2017-10-13 04:55

{{: 

Quote

No superpower related stuff in this first bit. Please give me writing feedback! I'm only posting this here (and writing it in the first place) so I can get better at writing.

P.S. fair warning: although the character is bound to some extent to accidental wetting simply due to her condition, I'm going to try not focus on that to the detriment of story, and I'm not going to repeat scenes.

P.P.S. Sorry this is short. It's supposed to be one of three scenes in a chapter, but scene 2 isn't done and scene 3 I haven't started and I'm not sure what it'll be.

}}

"Oxygen!" I yelled, right before the timer hit zero. My answer was correct, of course, and it secured me the 16th point needed for an automatic victory. Although I had barely lost the first slower round, I was in good shape to win first place. The final tiebreaker round was Blitz, and I was lightyears ahead of all the competitors in my state whom I knew, Arya my opponent included, when it came to the faster games. The previous year had been even easier; the game designers hadn't introduced the slowest format yet, so I had coasted in on the back of years worth of reading textbooks for fun, and knocked out the previous winner before he even reached point 5.

The judge was beginning to explain the final format to the audience, mostly parents and kids who hadn't made it to the final rounds. I couldn't wait for the final round to begin; the trophy felt just inches away. My bladder was feeling a similar urgency. My whole life I had a neurological disorder that thankfully caused few effects in me, but one of the few was urinary urge incontinence. Fortunately, the doctor had concluded that even that was curable. Along with physical therapy, he put me on a strict schedule of times for drinking and voiding. At 7:00 AM every day I used the bathroom, by 7:30 I was to have drunk two cups of liquid, and so on throughout the day. The problem at hand was that in all the hustle I had missed my two morning toilet breaks, and I could feel the difference. Upon remembering my mistake, I signed obscenities under the table, angry with myself but not wanting to draw attention.

I looked up at the judge, impatient. He was just finishing, and the final round was about to begin. I looked around the room. My mom was in the far left back, taking a break from her intensive research position to watch me perform. Father was with relatives, on a trip planned long before the game schedule was announced. It was comforting to have her support, but it was for myself that I competed, for my own self-respect, not for her or for the audience.

After Arya and I confirmed we were ready, the questions began.

"Potassium", "Archimedes", "Naples", "119" ... The answers flew out of our mouths like iron fillings attracted to a 1 Tesla magnet. That is, until question number 23: "What are the primary ingredients to gunpowder?" I knew I had learned it at some point, from a book arguing the dubious thesis that Chinese merchants caused the Renaissance, but under the effects of adrenaline, I couldn't recall any ingredients besides saltpeter. Arya was sitting in equally ignorant silence. I was up thirteen points to nine, so I didn't need to be worried, but every question did matter.

In the pause I realized I had leaked a little into my formerly pristine pad. That was indeed its purpose, but I was nevertheless disappointed in myself. Hoping the cause wasn't clear, I crossed my legs and sat up straight. In a few seconds the question would have been skipped, but a sudden ding and Arya's confident "Saltpeter, Charcoal, and Sulfur" told me I had missed the question. Arya was only behind me by three questions now, I'd have to finish her off soon or be in danger of losing. The next showed on the screen immediately - I straightened out and leaned forward to look a little closer.

That was a mistake. The movement jostled my bladder, and the floodgates opened. All the liquid I had drunk from night to morning poured out non-stop into my pad, against all the strength I could deploy. My embarrassment was overcome by relief for a brief moment, but as the seconds and tablespoons flowed past, I realized my pad was about to become saturated. Right as the urine began to overflow, seeping into my underwear and onto my legs, I wrested back control. My underwear was soaked, but as far as I could tell visible wetness hadn't yet reached the outside.

Then I remembered the competition. I raised my head and saw question 29 on the screen: "What infinitely-extending triangle contains the binomial coefficients?" I knew this answer, and reached out for the bell. Din-Ding! A split second separated the rings, but it was Arya's face that appeared on the screen, declaring her, after her correct answer, to be the champion. It was my fault, I knew. I got distracted over something inconsequential, I could have tried harder to leave Arya behind in the first half, I broke the rules that would have kept me dry. Compared to my sorry showing, Arya deserved the win.

The rest of the event flowed smoothly; I congratulated Arya on her victory, left the stage quickly to change, then stayed for the closing ceremony and to receive my 2nd place trophy. My mother was gone, too busy to watch me get recognition for an unexceptional result. She wouldn't speak harshly to me or get angry, but I could always tell when she was disappointed, and didn't look forward to dinner. I drove home, took my afternoon toilet break, and spent the rest of the day in a depressed daze, not even able to read the library books I had picked out earlier. Instead I replayed the morning events and questions in my head, finding every situation where I could have left to pee, every question I could have answered correctly or quicker.

That Saturday felt like the worst day in my life, notwithstanding outward appearances. In retrospect, I can only thank God that the day on which my powers manifested came later.

*001*2017-10-13 14:36

{{: 

Quote

Here's scene two. Less well-contained, but I figured it was better to get it out there. The story whose universe I'm using is here

, but I intend not to give major spoilers or to assume knowledge of it.

}}

I entered into the world of capes a few weeks later, a short enough time that the incident remained sharp in my memory. It was Thursday near noon, and I was not in school. Instead I was at home, sitting naked in a draining bathtub. Beside the tub was a stack of books, one of which I was reading to keep myself busy while I trained my power. I had faked a sickness, as I didn't want to deal with the social aftermath of the previous schoolday without a crapload of thought. Instead I was taking a day off to relax, but also frantically trying to get the supernatural aftermath under control. I was in a bit of a divided mood, and I knew it.

The doorbell rang, and my little brother Jack answered the door. My bedroom and adjoining bath were above our house's entrance, so I could hear the conversation clearly.

A man's voice. "Good morning. I assume you are Master Venter. Are your parents at home, or your sister?"

"Who are you and why should I tell you?" A surge of pride that Jack had listened to my safety instructions rose. It wasn't easy to know when he'd agree to be taught.

"I'm with the government. I'm here to see your sister Nina. Do you know where she is?"

"Wow, that's awesomecool! Nina's upstairs taking a bath. She said I shouldn't bother her, but who cares about that anyways? Come on!"

Tension sprang into my body, and my hands curled into fists, not just at the brat. How could I deal with him to not get exposed as a parahuman? I could use my power, but assault of a police officer with a parahuman power would just catalyze my trouble to a whole new level. So I steeled myself for the imminent encounter and waited.

Soon there was a knock on the bathroom door. It was the police officer.

"Hello. I have been led to believe that one Nina Venter is present?"

"Yes, that's me!" I put on the best sweet innocent voice I knew. Hopefully that would improve his first impression.

"You may call me Officer Adams. I would like to speak with you at your earliest convenience." His voice was somehow deep without being low pitch. I started brainstorming again. I could use my towel as a rope to climb out the window and run away, leaving him thinking I was simply taking a long time with my bath. I'd seen that trick played in a couple of movies. If I did, where would I go? To a friend's place? None of them would shelter me from the authorities, though. Also, I'd be running down the street without clothes, and people would notice. Apparently escape was impossible, too. Very well, I'd have to talk to Adams - he seemed nice enough.

"Adams? I'm perfectly comfortable in here, I can just stay behind the curtain," I shouted.

I had decided to stay in the bath, mostly so I could keep up my exercise, but with the side benefit of not having to meet Adams' eyes.

I saw the hinge glide open, but his footsteps were hardly audible. He sat down on the toilet lid.

"All right then, Miss Venter. Thank you for the invitation. I'll be just a few minutes. I wonder if you know why I'm here?"

I did not know, but it was a fair guess that Angie and Brenda had reported me for what had happened yesterday. I didn't think it was their style, though. They stood to lose if I told the authorities about how they were blackmailing me, and I was sure they were just going to take their revenge by telling the whole school about my diaper situation. It was the main reason I didn't want to go to school, having to parade myself through the gazes of my friends and classmates, knowing they'd be thinking of me as immature and disgusting. There was no preventing that information from getting out now, but I still had my dignity as far as Adams was concerned, and I was determined to keep it.

It was a few seconds before I responded, but Adams seemed content to sit. "No, sir," I finally answered. "I'd prefer if you tell me first, sir." My own words echoed strangely off the shower curtain, but I hoped my respect showed through. I had heard enough stories to be careful even around nice policemen like Adams.

"No need for the formality, Miss Venter. I'm happy to be able to relieve your worries. I am from the PRT, and would like to invite you to join the Wards."

I was stunned. A number of thoughts fought to reach my consideration first, but I stammered out "A second, please, si-Adams."

First, how did he know I had powers? I thought back to the events of yesterday afternoon. Full of rage, feeling like all my options were gone, I had tackled Brenda to the ground. It shouldn't have worked, but I suppose I had caught her by surprise as much as myself. I had read about fighting techniques, but hadn't ever tried them out.

Angie had run off some time in my struggle with Brenda. I supposed she was afraid I'd snapped and gone murderous, and to be honest I wasn't totally sure she wasn't half-right. I had been straddling her tight to the ground, with no real purpose in my head besides anger, when the physical stress broke my bladder open, and my power activated. My stream had turned into a jet, tearing a hole through my underwear and pouring onto Brenda's body. It had lasted half a second until, my mind racing, I had found and flipped a mental switch, and the jet ceased as suddenly as it had started. My face had gone cherry-red. I had jumped off her and run straight home, tears and urine mingling.

Maybe I was wrong, but I didn't think the amount of pee I had left would look abnormal enough to investigate, at least after a lot of it must have soaked into Brenda's clothes. The PRT's presence at all was the first thing I had to brainstorm.

The second line of thought was even more difficult to work through. Did I want to join the Wards, as Adams had invited me to do? True, that was the standard, official, way of doing good as a kid with powers, but it would take up so much of the time I had allocated to extracurriculars and projects. I wanted to succeed in helping people with my real talents, my intelligence and curiosity, not some dishonorable trick of nature that helps me knock people out and ruin their lives permanently by throwing them in prison.

On that note, I couldn't imagine introducing myself to the other wards here: "Hi, Steadfast! I'm Nina and I pee really fast!" It was an absurd scenario. Thinking about how I'd fight only strengthened the mental barrier. Could I really just stand there using my power with all my peers in sight? No way! If I was going to hero at all, I'd have to do it independently and privately. How would I break my decision to Adams, though? I didn't want to disappoint him.

The third mental note was of worry. If they knew about yesterday's incident, might they not arrest me for assault with a parahuman power? The Wards might be the only way for me to avoid prosecution. Taking all these thoughts into consideration, I had only one real option.

I stalled. "I can't just accept on the spot, you know? I'm sure there must be tons of paperwork and rules and things to learn. Why don't you just mail me the documents so I can read them through?" I poked my hand out from behind the plastic curtain, pointing at the stack of books I had brought. "Believe me, I can read through anything."

"I do believe you," he responded. "I just want to make sure you know you have a clear path to the Wards if you decide to give us a chance. And just being frank, we want to make sure you don't decide to do anything rash with your newly gained powers. We will be on the lookout for the effects of Stranger powers, so please be careful. We don't think it's necessary to notify parents and associates at this point, but that is on the table if things don't go well."

Now that was one consequence I certainly wouldn't care for. But why did he reference Stranger powers? That category of power was known for hiding and otherwise making subterfuge easier. If anything, my power would draw attention to me, not help me hide. As nice as Adams was, it was too hard to think clearly in the presence of a PRT officer, and I had other things to deal with as well.

We talked a little more, but eventually I got him to leave, assuring him that I'd pick up a package they'd send to school, and that I wasn't planning on murdering anyone soon. He seemed oddly uninterested in the specifics of my power; perhaps he had bad experiences prying into powers in the past? Or maybe the PRT already thought they knew how my power worked? That would be pretty arrogant of them, considering I had been experimenting for a day to very slow progress.

The experimentation itself was honestly quite fun - it was the first time I ever got to deal with an unexplained phenomenon, and I could theorize and test hypotheses like Newton and the rest. Next up: one of my first tests was seeing how long I could keep the flow going. But was my limit the volume, or time, or maybe even something to do with my hydration levels? Two tests popped into my mind, and the work began anew.

