Mass Effect: Tali`s Toilet Troubles - Page 3

Author: Itber

*054*2018-01-10 21:41

Tali groaned, and then sighed. What other choice did she have? Either she could further try in vain to get Jack to move through verbal altercations, or she could go along with whatever game she had in mind. Tali nodded, and began grabbing at her crotch to ease her stress. It was embarrassing, but it felt nice to be able to do it, even if it was in front of Jack. At least now she had nothing to hide. Jack chuckled, and walked past Tali. “Come on. This way.” Tali followed suit, as desperate to get this over was as she was desperate to find a bathroom.

Jack took Tali into a secluded part of the ship’s engine room, which Tali herself had never seen before, or had ever heard about. They had managed to make it to the hiding place without anyone seeing them, which was something Tali was extremely grateful for. Jack sat down on a large, horizontal pipe, and ushered Tali to do the same. The pee-filled Quarian obliged, trying her best not to curse out Jack any more, both to avoid angering her and to keep their position secret from anyone who might walk by and hear them.

Jack pulled out a small black bag, and set up a small foldable table that was hidden between the pipes above her head. “I come here a lot. Gamble with the crew when the need arises. I’ve made a killing in this place alone. Hopefully, you'll be more fortunate.” Tali squirmed, trying her hardest to focus on winning and nothing else. The sooner she won, the sooner she could leave. Jack poured the contents of the bag onto the table, revealing eight six-sided dice. Four blue, four red.

Jack handed the blue ones to Tali, and kept the red ones to herself. “This is easy. We both roll our dice, and whoever has the greater sum wins. For example, if you roll two ones and two fours, which is a total of ten, but I roll three sixes and a five, which is a total of twenty-three, I win. First person to make it to ten wins is the winner.” Tali moaned, wishing there were a faster way that Jack could be tormenting her. All the time this would take. A minimum of ten rolls, a maximum of nineteen, all the time it would take to count up the rolls, it all could take up to half an hour. But, Tali thought, nothing could get worse.

Jack must have read Tali’s mind, because at that moment she pulled out two shot glasses and a bottle of a strange, orange liquid. She smiled and said, in a condescending baby voice, “and, every time someone loses, they have to take a shot of this nice, refreshing, wet, watery, liquid rum that pours riiiiiight into their little bladder and makes them have to pee-pee. Deal?” Tali tried to stand up and leave, terrified of the sudden turn of events Looking at liquids with Liara was one thing. But putting more inside of her? Along with the apple juice? There was no way. But, as she tried to run from the area and leave the hiding space, she felt her butt press more and more against the pipe. Jack chuckled. “Yeah, my biotic enhancements sure are handy. Especially for holding people down when they're in such a hurry to leave me high and dry without a game like they promised. So, what’s it going to be? Stay and play, or forget it and wet it?”

Tali sighed. “Jack, why?”, she whined. Jack shrugged. “You’re honestly a big know-it-all who tends to show off. It gets annoying. I don’t hate you, Tali, I just think you need a lesson in humility. Look, let me show you…” Jack reached out her hand. “How about this? Even if you lose, you can leave and take your piss. I’ll let you go after a winner is decided. I won’t tell anyone anything so long as you play. Deal?” Tali thought it to herself, rubbing at her vagina through her suit, not caring that Jack could see her. Jack smiled. “I know you’re going to say ‘yes’. You’re too damn smart to give up now and let loose in your pants. Just admit to that and endure some more discomfort for my amusement and your punishment. So, we got a deal?” Tali forwned, and shook Jack’s hand. “Deal. You’re a bitch.” Jack laughed. “Yeah, well, you’re a poindexter. One who looks kind of cute when she needs to use the little Quarian’s room, to be honest, but a poindexter nevertheless. So, come on! Let’s play!”

What do you guys think?

*060*2018-01-12 21:27

{{On January 11, 2018 at 4:19 PM, vimpeloid said:

What if Jack lost that game

}}

{{7 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Ooh. That sounds like a fun read to me.

}}

How do you guys mean? I'm happy to oblige to make it more funny, sexy, etc for all of you. I'm just not sure what you're thinking about. Jack said that no matter who wins;/who loses, Tali can go to the bathroom. It's all a matter of how lucky she is with how many turns it takes/if she can take the discomfort. So, even if Jack does lose, nothing really changes. But I can alter it if you give me a detailed explanation of what you're working for, with some adjustments made so the story isn't spoiled/you don't know exactly what's coming! Also, thanks for commenting :D

*062*2018-01-13 10:20

{{3 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

The way I see it. Jack could easily say one thing and do the opposite. Also. If everytime you lose you have to take a shot of "this nice, refreshing, wet, watery, liquid rum that pours riiiiiight into their little bladder and makes them have to pee-pee. " those words could easily be used against her if she lost over all. This is mainly just my suggestion, but this is your story and not mine. Keelah se'lai.

}}

Thank you for the feedback! I like your suggestions, and I'll definitely keep them in mind! Keelah se'lai :)

*063*2018-01-16 23:00

Hey guys. Just came back to thank you for almost a full year of support on this story (even though most of that time is due to me taking a HUGE break between the first and second chapters :P), and for your wonderful comments that help me write the story and entertain you guys :3

In celebration, I wanted to ask you guys something, as I'd be remiss if you guys weren't more included in the creation of this story. So, if any of you guys want to, I'd very much like to see you draw any scene from the story so far and post it one here! In a sense, I'd like you guys to be the illustrators if you want to!

Keep in mind this is by no means a demand, and more something I thought would be fun to help commemorate the coming of this story's one-year anniversary. Please let me know what you think, and I'll be sure to keep on writing as much as I can in the near future!

*066*2018-01-17 04:59

{{15 minutes ago, Tali'zorah said:

I absolutely would love to draw these out. But I doubt people reading this don't want to see stick figure omo.

}}

I'd like to see it, if that's any consolation :) If you would like to do it, then go ahead and post them here. I'd love to see what you have in mind!

*067*2018-01-17 05:03

{{44 minutes ago, Sake said:

That actually reminds me, which Normandy is this? It's like someone took the SR2 and shoved it into a limbo between 2 and 3 (after all, Jack being there implies it's the SR2, but Ashley wouldn't be on the SR2 until 3, at which point Jack is no longer there).

And that's totally a relevant question because which game this is supposed to take place during changes what the scenery would be, if one were to include a background.

}}

Good question! I'd say it's the SR2, more updated and bigger with more features. As for Ashley and Jack, I'd say this is a work of fiction which doesn't completely follow the canon for comedic/story's benefit. I hope that's okay!

I'm greatly looking forward to seeing what you have in mind after you post it here :D

*070*2018-01-17 16:52

{{3 hours ago, Sake said:

I'm looking forward to seeing if I can actually properly get it to not just be in mind :P

}}

I'm sure whatever it is you make, it will be wonderful :D

{{1 hour ago, Tali'zorah said:

If I find the time

}}

Of course! No time restraint, no pressure! Just have fun with it, and only do it if you feel like it! Just keep me posted :)

*071*2018-01-19 18:24

Tali relented, and gave in to Jack’s game. She felt the pressure of her butt against the pipe loosen, indicating that Jack was letting her go from her biotic powers. Though, because it was obvious it was only for the moment, as well as to test her obedience, Tali saw no point in trying to stand up again and leave. Jack notice this, and nodded coyly as she poured whiskey into the two glasses. “Good, you’re learning already.” She place one glass in front of her and the other in front of Tali, dropping a straw in hers at the last second. “Yeah, I know about how you drink. 'Emergency induction port'. You’re adorable, but you're also not getting off that easily.” Tali would have felt a twinge of annoyance or anger thirty minutes ago, but by this point she had become numb to everything aside from the pain in her crotch. All she wanted to do was go to the bathroom in private, and somewhere other than in her pants. And if playing Jack’s game would grant her that, then she would do it.

Jack picked up her four dice, and rolled them. The plastic cubes clattered on the table, revealing a five, a two, a four, and a seven. “Eighteen! Okay, Tali, your turn. Tali rolled the dice (as well as her eyes underneath her mask), a wound up with a three, a five, a six, and a three. Jack clucked her tongue. “Shit. Seventeen. Sorry.” Tali bit her lip as she raised the glass and straw to her mouth, and began to suck down the whiskey through a one-way hole in her mask built for ingesting liquids and liquified food. Tali sucked the beverage down as fast as she could, and gagged.

She had tasted liquor before, most notably after her Pilgrimage ended and her celebration came complete with glasses of special wine to commemorate her success, but that was sugary and sweet alcohol. This tasted like an ash-tray mixed with dirty water, and it stung her throat as it went down. Jack chuckled. “Yeah, sorry. It’s strong crap, isn’t it? If it makes you feel any better, it took ME months to get used to it. Now, it just tastes like water to me.” Tali whimpered and Jack smirked. “Ah, right. Probably shouldn’t talk about water around you right now, huh?” Annoyed, Tali grabbed her four blue dice.

“Let’s just get this over with. You: one, me: zero. First to ten wins, whoever is the winner doesn’t matter. I leave at the end. That was the deal.” Jack raised an eyebrow, impressed. “Yeah, that’s the size of it. Surprised you remembered all that with so much pee undoubtedly on your mind.” Tali snarled, and rolled her dice (as well as referred to Jack as a “bitch” once more, which made the latter laugh). She got a three, two fives, and a six. Nineteen. Jack grabbed her dice, rolled them, and got a one, a two, a five, and a four. Twelve. Jack shrugged, and poured the whiskey down her throat in one quick motion. Tali would have been impressed if she wasn’t being kept prisoner and if she didn’t have to use the restroom so badly. Suddenly, Jack smiled, and Tali’s skin felt cold. What was she planning now?

“How about we mix things up a little bit? Just rolling and drinking? That’s way too boring. How about, starting with me now, every time you lose and drink, you have to answer a question from the other person? How’s that sound?” Again, thirty minutes ago, Tali would have been enraged by this. Livid. Fuming with hatred. But, not wanting to test the person with biotic abilities sitting right across from her, Tali relented. “Okay, fine. Yeah, I have a question: why are you doing this to me instead of talking to me about my ‘annoying behavior’ like a normal person?” Jack laughed heartily, amused by the question. “Eh, fair enough. I guess because, in short, I’m NOT a normal person. Charisma and peace aren’t exactly my key traits. Trust me, spend most of your life in a cell or under a microscope? Being ‘normal’ isn’t easy. Would you rather I just shanked you or something?” Tali flinched, taken aback by the last part.

“N-No. No, thank you.” Jack laughed once more, and poured herself another glass of whiskey, which she drank just as fast as the other one. Tali, confused, spoke up. “Wait, we didn’t roll yet.”

“Yeah, but I’m thirsty, this stuff tastes good to me, and I’m not the one about to piss herself. Well, not yet at least. Give me seven to eight more shots, and we’ll see which boat I’m in then. Let your buddy Jack have her dizzy juice.” With that, as well as a sly wink, Jack grabbed her dice, and rolled once again. This time, she got three fours and a three. Tali rolled next, getting a one, a two, and two threes. Fifteen against nine; it was Tali’s turn to drink. Jack slowly poured her another glass, much to the Quarian’s chagrin, and once again she sucked it down through the straw as fast as she could. Before she could grab the dice again, Jack stopped her. “Woah, woah, wait. I have to ask you a question, remember?”

*074*2018-01-21 20:52

{{14 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

He he he. Enjoying where this is going. I have no idea what Jack should ask tbh. I am honestly wondering how Talk is still holding it in, but one should never judge a quarian bladder by a humans.

}}

Well, you see, um..... Quarians have a special chemical in their bloodstream which..... I mean, they're internal organs have evolved in such a way that..... An average female Quarian is..... Okay, I have no idea how to make sense of how Tali is still in this position. But hey, whatever works to make you guys happy for as long as possible :D

I plan to have this be a series which covers all bases imaginable, so fair to say that everyone's suspension of disbelief in terms of bladder-durability should either be thrown out or renewed right now lol

*075*2018-01-21 21:32

Tali relented, raising her head to the ceiling and screaming internally. Jack caught the faintest sound of a her drinking partner failing to hold in a scream, causing her to snicker wildly. “Oh, Christ, Metalhead. I am freaking loving you; we should have hung out the second I joined this ship. So, yeah, my question to you… is… hmm… Why don’t you just piss your pants?” Tali remained perfectly still for a number of seconds, her brain registering the question.”Wh-What?”

“You know, wet yourself? Let loose? Make a river map in your jeans? Okay, I made that last one up, but you get the idea. Why don’t you just go in your suit? I’m legitimately curious.” Tali looked around, making positively sure nobody was nearby. “I can’t believe I have to explain this to you, but I’m not pissing in my pants because I have dignity. It may feel better for a few seconds, but then what if someone saw me? What then?”

“So, wait, you’re saying I don’t have any dignity?” Tali was taken aback for a few seconds, and would have laughed if she weren’t in such a compromising position herself. “Jack, wait… You’ve peed in your pants?”

Jack picked up her dice. “Win this roll and I’ll accept that as your question.” Tali won the roll, and Jack took her drink in an instant, exhaling softly. “Damn, that’s some refreshing stuff. Yeah, I’ve done it. On purpose, though. See, in a bunch of the slammers I spent time in, they’d only let me use the bathroom on a rare occasion, since I they didn’t trust me with a cell that had any pipes or anything leading to the outside. So, once a day or every two days depending on how generous they felt, they’d put me in this special-made convict transport bullshit thing and wheel me off the to porcelain thrones. 

I figured, ‘hey, I gotta take a leak’ and ‘you gotta do what you gotta do’. I answered natures call. Yeah, the guards looked at me in disgust if I did it, but so what? It wasn’t illegal or against the rules, so I never ran the risk of getting the hole. I had done far worse stuff to live more comfortably before that, so very little manages to embarrass me. A lot of stuff angers me, but very little crap makes this girl feel bashful. Besides, it was satisfying to know some shmuck guard was stuck mopping up the cell floor and/or cleaning the piss-stains out of my dirty jumpsuits.”

Tali couldn’t help but laugh in amazement. Jack, the murdering psychotic ex-convict who was seen as one of the most dangerous people in the galaxy before joining the Normandy, peed herself so casually. Jack nodded, picking up on Tali’s disbelief. “I swear it’s true. I got nothing to hide. I don’t even give a shit if you tell people, because I know anyone who makes fun of me about it knows how badly I can screw them up.” Tali stopped laughing, not wanting to run the risk of adding a broken arm and a dislocated knee to her current predicament. Tali rolled the dice and won again. Jack downed another glass of whiskey without issue. 

“Okay, next question?” Tali pondered for a second, trying to think of something besides pee at the moment. “Er… How about… Um… Do you like any movies?” Jack burst into laughter. “Holy shit, are you serious? THAT’S your question? You can ask me anything, and you go with that?” Tali shrugged, crossing her legs to help alleviate the ever-increasing pressure. “Eh, fine. No. I don’t. I like swearing, gambling, and stiff-as-hell drinks. Now, come on. Let’s play.”

The game continued, as Tali won some rolls and Jack won others. Questions were asked and answered, such as “I forgot to ask, is this whiskey safe for me to drink?” (“Yeah, it’s filtered or whatever you guys drink. I’m not stud and I’m not going to risk poisoning you over a little fun. Now come one, let’s have some REAL questions”), “What’s it like inside your helmet?” (“It gets hot and itchy sometimes, but never too bad.”), “How many people have you killed?” (“I’ve lost track. But trust me, nine out of ten of them had it coming.”), “How big are your tits, really? Like, does the suit make them look bigger or smaller?” (“I’m not answering that… Fine. B-cups. They same size they look right now. You weird, perverted bosh’tet…”) 

As the game progressed, however, both players became increasingly more filled with whiskey. And, as a result, something happened. Not only did she have to go to the bathroom even worse than before, but she, like Jack, was profoundly drunk. They had gone a total of eighteen rolls and eight shots of whiskey each (nine in Jack's case, including the one she had for fun), and were about to go for nineteen, the largest possible amount of rolls/drinks the game could have lasted for. 

Tali would have been angry at fate going behind her back for the umpteenth time of the day, but very little was able to upset her at the moment. Still sober enough to know to hold her urine in, but nor sober enough to sit up straight, Tali wobbled back and forth on the pipe as Jack watched her, hand on her chin and her eyes half shut. “Hey, uh… Hey? T-Tals? Tali! Tali? Sorry, sorry, I yelled your name. I, um, I’m using my indoor voice now. Is that okay? Yeah, it’s okay. Tali?” Tali looked up. “What?” Jack began laughing. “I… I have to piss now, too.”

Hope you guys liked this! I have tons of plans in store for the future for this story, and hopefully you enjoy them!

Feel free to keep me/the others reading this thread updated on if you're drawing a scene from the story so far, if you decided to go along with the "almost on-year anniversary" thing I posted a few days ago! Remember, it's not mandatory, but I'd love to see what you guys have to show! All art styles welcome :)

*077*2018-01-22 01:06

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this

}}

I'm happy you like it! Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated!

