Lenna's unforgettable trip to a conference

Author: Imagesc

*000*2022-07-20 11:48

Hi guys, first time publishing a story here. This is derived from a personal memory with one of my colleague (let's call her Lenna) during a business trip. I want to write it down because I saw one of @Biku

's artwork. The outfit and the scenario exactly matched my experience and immediately reminds me of the good memories. Great kudos to @Biku

!

I wrote the story under Lenna's viewpoint so there are lots of imaginary portion of the story and not exactly matched the original scenario, but the bulk part is from the true memory.

Hope you enjoy the story.

Biku's art original thread:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/48603-bikus-art/?do=embed&comment=1982110&embedComment=1982110&embedDo=findComment"

Biku's artwork for this story

It is the 5th time Lenna checked Google map on how far it is to their destination. Sitting at the back seat of the car, a trace of anxiety surfaced on her apparently calm face. As a 22-year old young colleague graduate who just joined a top-notch tech company 6 month ago, she really appreciate that the team took her to this significant industry conference that took place in another city. As a young professional, it would be a great chance for her to get familiar with the industry and start building her network.

Together with Lenna, 2 other senior colleagues from her team will also attend the meeting. They planned this week-long conference trip carefully. Since the opening ceremony is at 10:00 am Monday, the team planned to take a 2.5-hour flight early morning (6:30am) and then call a Uber to arrive at the venue. With no traffic, the drive should be around 30 minutes so they should catch the opening keynote speech just on time.

It is the first time Lenna attend a conference so she is kinda nervous about it. She woke up very early in the morning and start to put on her outfit she prepared last night. Although she knew that tech conferences have no dressing code, she decided to dress to impress. Paired with a pink crop top shirt, her blue blazer dress perfectly shows the curvature of her upper body and her straight long legs. "Maybe the dress is a bit too short...", she thought to herself. However, she is still pretty satisfied with her outfit. Before heading to the airport, she brewed herself a big coffee to refresh herself - it is going to be a long day.

The team met at their local airport. She is happy to know that she selected the right attire since both of her colleague commented that she looked very nice and professional. They board the flight and Lenna sit at the window seat, together at the same row with her 2 colleagues. Right after she sit down, Lenna felt a remote sense of pressure in her lower abdomen. This is quite normal since she haven't use the bathroom since her morning pee and had drank quite a lot of fluid. Nothing urgent about it and Lenna is not worried. The plane took off, climb, the flight attendant served drinks and she had a cup of orange juice. Everything seems normal. Lenna starts to feel a bit tired - after all she woke up around 5 am. Soon, she felt asleep.

About 1 hour later, Lenna woke up. The first thing she noticed is that the pressure of her bladder starts to become obvious. All the liquid she drank in the morning starts to fill up. She looked left and saw both of her colleagues sleeping. She asses the situation and think it is still okay. Although under normal situation she would use the bathroom but is still not urgent. After all she doesn't want to awake her two senior male colleagues for her to go pee - this seems a bit embarrassing. She shifted her position on the seat and tried to make herself more comfortable, and then starts to read a book on her phone. As time goes by, she clearly feels that the pressure in her bladder increases. She decided that once her colleagues are awake, she would go use the bathroom.

However, not long after she is awake, the pilot broadcasted that the plane would start descending. She looked left again. Both of her colleague are still sleeping and she needs to make a decision whether to take the final chance to go to the bathroom before the captain turn on the seat belt sign. After some debating in her mind, she decided to hold it for another 30 minutes. Although she starts to feel somewhat uncomfortable about her bladder, she is still not in an emergency state and is still being a bit shy around her senior colleagues. She shifted again in her seat, trying to find a position that less pressured her lower abdomen. Soon, the seat belt sign is turned on and this is definitely not helping to put a belt around her already halfway filled bladder. She secretly loosen the seat belt a bit to make it slightly more comfortable and prepared for landing.

Another 20 minutes passed by and she starts to fidget a bit. The liquid she drank in the morning are filling up her bladder at a much faster pace she anticipated. She needs to squeeze her sphincter muscle intentionally sometimes and her legs starts uncontrollably moving. She assures herself that the plane is soon about to land and she should be able to use the bathroom right after.

The touch down is rough and the seat belt pressed her bladder tightly. Lenna had to bend down and squeeze her leg tight to calm her full bladder. However, they are really in bad luck today. The plane took forever to taxi to the gate due to some ground traffics. She is really squirming on her seat during the whole taxiing - her legs starts fidgeting but she doesn't want to show it too obviously to her colleagues. She tried her best to stay calm and act normal, waiting to rush down the plane once it arrives at the damn gate.

With a slightly faster pace, Lenna finally waked out of the plane and start to search for bathroom - it shouldn't be a hard task since they are in an airport. However, right at the moment she saw the sign "bathroom", one of her colleague received a call from the Uber driver. Apparently, they reserved the Uber earlier and since the plane is a bit late, the Uber driver is waiting very angrily and was threating to cancel the trip. They panicked a bit - if they miss the Uber and call another one, they won't be able to make it to the opening keynote speech. Her colleague quickly suggested they rush to catch the Uber immediately. Lenna's mind went blanked a moment and just simply followed her colleagues toward outside. Because her colleagues' strong execution power, she ignored her bad situation and ignored her dangerous bladder at all! She just mechanically walked quickly, trying to catch up with her colleague.

They get on the Uber on time. Everyone seems a bit relief and was apologizing to the driver. However, the moment Lenna sat down at the back seat, she immediately regretted her decision skipping the bathroom. She really fell the strong pressure of her bladder. She really needs to pee! However, the car has already started and is driving away from the airport..

Lenna seriously starts to worry. It has been very long since she remember needing to pee this badly. Her mind starts wondering. Last time the situation is this bad was during a math exam in her middle school. She drank too much coffee in the morning (damn! Coffee again!) to stay awake and was almost struggling during the whole exam. After a hour and a half, she finally cannot stand it. She summitted the paper early and rushed to the bathroom in a light speed. She peed her underwear during her dash and it is such an embarrassing experience..

Lenna forced her mind to focus again. Thinking of her pee accident in the middle school is definitely not helping with her current situation. At that time, she was still a girl and thankfully nobody knows about the accident since she just peed a bit in the hallway before making to the bathroom. Now, she is an adult, a young professional, and taking a Uber together with her two senior colleagues. There is no way that she can stand having an accident in this situation! However, her bladder is obviously protesting heavily. It is extremely hard for her to sit still - her legs can't help but bouncing into each other, her butt is shifting every minute trying to ease the pressure to her sphincter muscle. On the surface, she is still trying to keep it professional and limiting her movement to minimal - at least she hoped to be minimal.

Lenna thought about asking the Uber driver to stop by a gas station or something but one - it is very embarrassing and is equivalent to express to everyone she is about the burst. And two - because of flight is late and Monday morning traffic, they are already late for the opening speech of the conference. As the most junior person in the team, she really doesn't want she become the unprofessional one and has everyone wait for her to find a bathroom so they will be even more late. She just kept on holding and hoping they will arrive soon.

15 minutes into the drive, Lenna is really in an emergency. All the water, coffee, orange juice she drank this morning has filled into her bladder. Pee spasms just come wave after wave and she had to squeeze her legs and pince her muscle really tight to stop them. She really hates her blazer dress now - it is impossible for her to use her hand to relief the pressure a bit without being noticed. Overall how can she put her hand from underneath her dress and press her private with another colleague sits just by her side? It is almost as embarrassing as if she had an accident here. She tries to cross and re-cross her leg to maximize the pressure to her private, but the effect is diminishing minute by minute. She checked Google maps tons of times but the timer is just moving slowly as hell..

Another 10 minutes passed by and Lenna is in a dire situation. She is now shifting herself every a couple of seconds and her legs are almost shaking. She starts to press her private through her blazer dress with her hand and squeeze her whole lower body muscle as tightly as possible. She really cannot keep her professionalism at this moment. All she have in her poor mind is to hold her pee and avoid having an accident on the Uber like a middle school girl.

Finally, her fidgeting and weird leg movements gets caught up in her colleague's eye. He glanced at her and asked hesitantly, "is everything okay?" Lenna blushed. This means that her body language is so weird that she cannot hide her situation anymore. She bit up her lips and admit, "umm, it is okay, I just need to use the bathroom a bit..". Her colleague then asked, "do you need a stop?" Lenna become blushed again. On one side, she is really dying to pee. On the other hand, she still wants to keep her last bit of professionalism and avoid everyone waiting for her. She reluctantly says, "I don't know, I know we are late, maybe I should be able to make it to the conference center...". She wants to slap herself right after saying this - there is no way she can hold her pee like this for another 20 minutes! However, both her colleagues looked at her and one of them said "No let's have a stop, you look really bad...". Lenna is so embarrassed to hear this - is it that obvious?

Yes, it this that obvious. She is bending over in her seat, legs double-crossed and squeezing hard, body shaking and shifting every a couple of seconds, and hand tightly pressed over her crouch on top of her blazer dress. Every bit of her body language is shouting "I'm about to burst and pee myself in 5 minutes!"

Finally, the car stops at a gas station. Lenna simply jumped out and dashed directly to the bathroom. She is running in a very weird way - bending over on top and a hand tightly pressing her crouch. Otherwise she would leak right away! However, the moment she touched the bathroom door, she cursed a thousand times in her mind. The door is locked and she needs to get the key! She stops at the door for a short period, moving on her feet frantically from left and right trying to ease the pressure of her bladder a bit, and then dashed to the convenient shop of the gas station in the same weird way.

She grad the key abruptly from the staff and head back to the bathroom. During her final steps, her sphincter muscle finally gave away. Squirts of pee gushed on her underwear. Lenna is so panicked. She stops, bends down low and pressed her crouch as hard as she can. She has never tried to hold her pee this strong in her life! After 10 seconds, miracle happens and she somehow controlled her leaked pee. She then stumble toward the bathroom, open the door, shuts it, pulled down her wet snicker, sit on the toilet, and finally RELEAF!

SHHHHHHHHHH - Lenna peed for a whole minute. It is the most satisfying moment in her life. After she finally stops, strong sense embarrassments starts to merge again. Not only she showed this much of indecent behaviors in front of her colleagues, she still pees her self as an adult! She checked the backed of her blazer dress and thankfully no water mark is found. Her snicker, however, is completely soaked. Lenna has to remove her soaked snicker, clean herself, and stands up with no underwear under her dress. She waked out of the bathroom, deeply embarrassed but trying to act as normal as possible. They resume the trip to the conference center. Of course they are late but nobody blamed her.

This become an unforgettable secret memory for Lenna. Not only she almost peed herself in front of her two senior colleagues, she also attended a whole day of conference without an underwear.

However, the whole scenario is also becoming another secret memory for one of Lenna's colleague. He noticed Lenna already needs to pee quite badly as early as on the flight. Do you think he is really sleeping during the whole flight? In addition, do you think the Uber driver is really that angry?

