Vyktoria's Journey Across Azeroth

Author: Interex

*000*2019-07-06 20:30

Vyktoria's cabin in the ship was filled with the scent of algae and the briny sea air. Her black fur heavy in the moist air. She had awoken to the sound of people shuffling about on the upper deck. The groan of the old tar-soaked wood around her protesting the unseen waves surrounding the mighty vessel. The worgen glanced over at her spell book on the bedside table as she has done every morning since she received it in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind at the age of 16. "How times can change..." she thought to herself.

She had been in Lady Jaina's service since she turned 18. On her 18th birthday, Jaina came to her recruiting her to her service as her apprentice... and later her best friend. It was amazing to Vyktoria how quickly Jaina's hair began to change color after Varian had... "Nevermind..." she thought to herself shaking her head. New journeys laid ahead of her and there was no use wallowing in the past that was so long ago.

The night before, Jaina and Vyktoria were talking over fine Darnassian wine. They giggled and talked to each other like sisters. Vyktoria loved nights like these. Jaina has always had to put on a proud and proper face for the public so that she can be their rock. But, on nights like these, she feels as if she finally gets to talk to the real Jaina Proudmoore. After about their third drink Vyktoria asked Jaina with a gasping laugh "So how old ARE you actually???" The wine had obviously started to take hold on the young worgen and was haphazardly changing in between forms making Jaina shriek with laughter before she asked. Jaina replied, "Ha! You're going to have to get my a lot drunker than that for me to divulge that information Vyk! And anyways... Mage's secret!" Vyktoria giggled at this answer although slightly dissatisfied with her answer.

"What a fun night last night." She thought to herself. As she started to drift back off to sleep she was jolted awake by a full feeling in her lower abdomen. She had to pee. And bad. She hadn't gone since before the wine drinking last night! She swung her fur clad legs to the side of her bed and reached underneath for her chamber pot. However, all that brushed by her fingers was air where the chamber pot should be. "Uh-oh" she thought to herself. She had to find a new chamber pot and fast. Vyktoria likes to joke that her bladder is the size of a large fish tank, Jaina one time jokingly called it "The Maelstrom".

However, when it gets full, it needs to release ASAP. Vyktoria stood up and changed back into her human state. Naked, she reached for some black silk panties and a matching bra. Ever since she joined Jaina, she's had the finest things. She then donned a grey robe that she seldom uses and went up top to search for a receptacle to drain her poor wine filled bladder. She crossed her legs over each other as she walked. No one was awake that she could see as she climbed the stairs to the upper deck where she was sure she could find a bucket.

Once she opened the hatch to the deck of the ship, she only spotted one person standing looking out to sea. There stood Jaina in her blue and white dress and her long flowing hair. It was all muted in the darkness as the lights from the few torches left on deck were not quite as strong as Vyktoria had hoped. Jaina had quickly turned to see her and smiled. "I couldn't sleep either..." said Jaina. "Lady Jaina" said Vyktoria "What are you doing up at this hour? We have a long day ahead of us and I-"

"I'm worried what Katherine may do to us!" Jaina exclaimed. "Ever since Theramore I've been a traitor to Kul Tiras and I don't know if she'll look past all that because I'm..."

"You're...?" Vyktoria said waiting for her to finish. "Her daughter." Jaina admitted. Vyktoria was shocked but also preoccupied with the Maelstrom in her bladder begging to be released. The strain was causing her stress and she could see dark hair begin to raise on her arms. "No... not now" she thought to herself. "Jaina, we'll get through this together. You and me. I'll have your back if you have mine." Vyktoria said as she crossed her legs discretely. Jaina looked as if she was about to cry and then leapt towards the bursting woman and gave her a huge hug. Squeezing tightly.

*hiss* Vyktoria gasped. A leak flowed out of her struggling bladder and landed in her panties gusset. Lady Proudmoore was still holding on tight and sobbing into the worgens fur. "Wait... I don't remember changing forms" she thought to herself. She told herself it was the stress on her bladder and the attack hug from Jaina. Vyktoria suddenly knew she couldn't hold it any longer. She said something she can't quite remember to Jaina and quickly sprinted to the side of the ship on all fours leaking every step. A trail of pee followed her. She couldn't hang her rear off the side of the ship as she feared she would fall. So she lowered her black panties and hiked up her robe. A loud hissing noise could be heard emanating from the worgen's aching pussy as her piss rocketed from her. Because of the way she was squatting, her pee soaked her the fur on her legs. Jaina walked up to her.

"I'm SO sorry! I didn't know that you had to... erm... GO so badly! Next time speak up won't ya Vyk? We don't want you unleashing your Maelstrom into your robes now do we?" Vyktoria wanted to cry. She felt so embarrassed as she continued to empty her bladder. The relief was amazing... but so was the shame of relieving herself in front of Lady Jaina. Especially with her obviously damp panties in full view. Jaina could see the shame on the poor worgens face as she continued peeing. It had to have been 4 minutes since she began.

Jaina looked at the worgen and said "Yknow... I have to go pretty badly too... that wine from early is taking it's toll..." To Vyktoria's shock Lady Jaina began to lower her panties and squat next to her. It looked so graceful and practiced... as if she had done this many times before. A thick stream of yellow pee flowed from between her legs as Jaina sighed deeply. "I had been holding forever too. I hate that being a frost mage means you need to keep drinking water constantly don't you?" Vyktoria was speechless. She didn't know what to say. They peed together for another couple minutes and then pulled up their panties. They both walked back to their respective chambers. "What a night..." Vyktoria said to herself drying her fur before attempting to go back to sleep. "I wonder what tomorrow will bring"

*003*2019-07-09 02:59

Thank you so much!

