Chapter 2

Author: Itber

*000*2017-08-12 15:14

Tali walked slowly and cautiously through the interior of the Normandy. She kept her head high, determined to hide her predicament from anyone else, and to find a toilet as soon as possible. Tali remembered back at their last trip to the Citadel, she had found herself shopping for extra appliances for her suit, such as reinforced fiber plating, a plate for her mask which she could see better out of, and other such utilities that Quarians would "upgrade" themselves with, or at least make life in their suits more comfortable and tolerable.

Tali remembered that the clerk she was speaking with (another female Quarian) offered her a deal on a popular new device: it was a "very clean, very comfortable" jar-like device which males and females alike could strap to their groins, giving them the ability to relieve themselves and their bladders at any time they wanted. Tali remembered feeling hot and embarrassed hearing this, and quickly declined, not wanting to be seen buying it or having Jack or anyone else find out she was wearing what- for all intents and purposes -was a Quarian 'diaper'. Tali was currently and figuratively kicking herself for not spending the extra credits on it, instead using it for a few rounds of Quasar for fun.

Tali got to an elevator, pressed the button hurriedly, and began humming, looking around and trying to focus on as many dry, solid things as possible. Muttering under her breath, she went through a list. "Okay, um... Sand... Rocks... Air... Dirt..." Tali began to feel the pressure in her bladder numb slightly, and almost got onto the elevator completely relaxed and happy, when Ashley came walking towards her in gym clothes, sweaty and drinking furiously from not one, but two large water bottles. Tali looked over and saw her, and, unable to clamp onto her groin to hold it in, she was forced to watch what followed next. Ashley stood next to her, initiated conversation, and unknownliy tortured Tali until the elevator arrived. And this is how the interaction went...

*002*2017-08-12 16:44

{{47 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was a good chapter

}}

Thanks! Did you read the first one?

