The Wet Roadtrip

Author: imleaking

*000*2021-05-06 03:12

This story is based on true events. all names have been altered. the point of view is from the person(s) it happened to, not me. enjoy!

Part One

A couple days ago, my friends and I (we're three girls and one boy. yes, I'm the odd boy out) had begun a road trip from New Jersey to Colorado. It wasn't the most exciting thing, to be honest. Quite the opposite, really. We had to be in Colorado by a certain date so most of the time was spent crammed in a Camry, looking at empty plains of dying grass. The only stops we ever made was to pee, to eat, or to sleep.

Today marked the last day of the trip. It was also the longest we would be driving consecutively. Reason being, we had to be at our hotel for no later than midnight. Which would seem like a doable feat except we had overslept and not got on the road until 10 am. We were currently in Sioux City, Iowa and we needed to get to Broughton, Colorado. That's a 12 hr 30 min drive. That means all the breaks we normally take would have to be cut in half so we could arrive at our hotel between 11-11:30pm.

Tessa, the oldest in the group, was the sole driver. Kylie, the youngest, always sat passenger because she managed navigations. I, wanting to relax, sat in the back with Sophie, we're the same age (she's super shy so she likes the most inconspicuous spot). I usually rotated between sleeping and playing racing games on my phone in the back.

About 3 hours into the drive, Tessa turns down the radio to speak up. "Is there not a gas station we can stop off? I need to use the restroom." she asks Kylie.

Kylie lets out a sigh, looking back over our ETA on the GPS. "But our next break wasn't meant to be until another hour. This will make us late."

Tessa bites her lip, obviously weighing the odds between relieving herself and keeping on schedule. She had a relatively small bladder and I'm assuming it was only made worse by the two cups of coffee she had downed this morning to hype herself up for the long drive.

"...okay. Just please make sure to tell me when the hour is up so we can pull off somewhere. Stat."

Kylie nodded and turned the radio back up. I, myself, like to think I have a sizable bladder. I can typically go about eight hours without needing to make a run to the bathroom. Kylie had an average sized bladder whereas Sophie's shyness often led to embarrassing accidents or close calls.

27 minutes later and I see Tessa is rubbing her hand up and down her thigh. Her lips are pressed into a thin line and I can tell it's taking all her willpower to focus on the road ahead.

"Are we at the hour mark yet?" Tessa asks.

Kylie rolls her eyes, "I already said I'll tell you when we are." she replies nonchalantly.

Tessa lets out a frustrated sigh and re-adjusts herself in the driver seat. Some more minutes pass and she's switched out rubbing her thigh for bouncing her right leg up and down.

She pulls on the seat beat that's digging into her distended bladder and lets out a heavy breath. It's a humid day out and I can see sweat forming on her brow line. I feel bad for her. I can't ever imagine needing to go that badly.

I space out for who knows how long. It must have been a good chunk of time because Tessa looks even worse. She's rubbing her bulging bladder and grimacing. Her knuckles are white as she grips the steering wheel. Her leg bouncing has got more aggressive and she can't sit still in her seat.

"The hour has to be over now, surely!" she suddenly snaps.

"Oh yeah. We passed it like 19 minutes ago. My bad." Kylie replies, sheepishly smiling.

Tessa grunts. "Just find somewhere for us to pull over or I'm gonna piss myself!"

"Ok, ok, drama queen." Kylie searches on the phone and frowns. "We just passed the nearest exit to pull off. Next one isn't for another 5 miles."

"Fuck..." Tessa chews on her lip. I've never seen her face so red before. "Alright, tell me when I need to pull off."

Tessa's hand has shot down between her thighs. Her legs are glued together and her face is contorted in a mixture of pain and focus.

I watch her writhe against the protests of her bladder for the next 5 miles. "Ok, here. This exit leads us straight to a gas station." Kylie says.

"Oh, thank god." Tessa remarks and makes a sharp swerve onto the exit. The car hits an unexpected pothole in the road as she does so. Tessa whimpers and her eyes go wide.

Her legs clench harder together. She's definitely leaked. "Fuck, fuck..." she murmurs and speeds the car forward into the gas station.

Before we can even pull up, she's flung off her seat belt and unbuttoned the top of her jeans. She rams into a parking spot. "I-I'll be right back." she stutters.

She slams open the car door and jumps out. The liquids in her bladder hit her full force as she stands up. She bends over with a groan and shuffles about, doing a full potty dance. "I shouldn't have waited so long." she whimpers again.

Tessa sucks in a harsh breath and shuts her eyes. After a second, she stands up again. Her hand still jammed between her legs, she waddles into the station. She converses briefly with the cashier, pressing back and forth on her heels, before darting to the back.

As I enter the station with the others behind me, we hear the bathroom door open and close with a loud thud.

Tessa looks at the toilet in bliss. Her bladder twitches painfully now it knows its relief is so close. Her hands fumble to slid her jeans down. She curses as another two second leak escapes into her blue panties.

With one last tug, she slaps her butt on the porcelain seat and a fat, hot jet pee shoots out instantly. "Ahhh..." her lips quiver as she moans in relief. Her head goes back as her bladder finally starts to empty. She never thought peeing could feel so good.

After a minute, the once full jet of pee is now a trickle. She looks down at her sodded panties. "Damn it, I liked these ones." she frowns and pulls them up. The cool, wet sensation tickling her labia.

I see Tessa as she exits the bathroom. She looks much happier and her face not so red.

"Do any of you need to go?" she asks. Kylie and Sophie nod and go off to the bathroom together.

I, on the other nod, shake my head. "Nah, I'm good."

Tessa raises an eyebrow. "Are you sure? You haven't gone since we left and you almost had as much coffee as me."

"Guess my bladder is just lucky like that." I shrug.

"If you say so." she says and goes off to get us some snacks and water.

I absentmindedly look over at the men's restroom's. My bladder is showing no signs of needing relief. I'd doubt if I had to go anytime soon. I haven't been seriously desperate since junior high anyhow, why would that change today?

To be continued in part two...

*008*2021-06-11 21:16

This story is based on true events.

Part Two

I took big gulps of my gatorade with satisfaction. It was summer and we had passed the Nebraska state line an hour or some ago. It was 90°F (32.2°C) outside and the car's AC was doing little to make the heat any better. I looked over at Sophie. Her cheeks were flushed red. I half chuckled. "You look worse off than me, Soph. Do you need another water?" I ask, reaching into the cooler between us.

If possible, her cheeks grew brighter red. She nods slowly. "Uh, y-yeah, a water would be nice."

I look around the cooler and realize Kylie must have had the last one. I opt to grab another beverage. "Looks like we're fresh out of water, how about a cold iced tea instead? It's even your favorite flavor, peach."

She eyes the 18.5 fl oz drink hesitantly. There's a pause. She discreetly looks down at the three other iced teas she's already down since Tessa needed to go. The heat had been beating down on her too and she had kept drinking without much thought about the consequences. Though she knows she can just say no to another iced tea, she's feel too awkward and mean to do so . "Thanks..." she meekly says and takes it from me.

I watch her as she takes a healthy gulp of the cool liquid and casually crosses her legs. I then return to the dull scenery of tumbleweeds and dying crops. I frequently take sips of my own drink, the heat exacerbating my thirst. I feel a twinge in my bladder but ignore it.

"Alright gang, we originally had planned a pit stop at this exit here but if nobody has to pee, I say we keep driving. It will keep us ahead of schedule." Kylie speaks up.

"I'm cool to keep going." I reply, earning an agreeing nod from Tessa.

Kylie turns around to look at a silent Sophie. "What about you, Soph? Do you need to pee?"

Sophie fiddles with her hands in her lap. She shyly shakes her head and replies quietly. "...no, I'm okay until the next pit stop."

Kylie smiles, satisfied. "Great! We'll keep on driving for another three hours and that should bring us across the Colorado border."

"About time. Nebraska is killing my vibe." Tessa lamely jokes.

I continue to sip on another gatorade. I had finished my other bottle and I'm now nursing a new one. The twinge in my bladder from before has become stronger, but it doesn't bother me too much. I know I can hold it until the next pit stop. More mindless phone games pass the next two hours. However, my focus is deterred when I hear a soft, strained whimper.

I look up. It's Sophie. She's subtly hiked her hand up her sundress and is grabbing her crotch. I can see a thin glisten of sweat on her forehead and thighs. And it doesn't look like it's from the heat.

"You ok, Soph?" I ask, noticing the iced tea I gave her is empty.

She abruptly pulls her hand away and looks at me flushed. "Totally f-fine. Just not good in the heat." she weakly humors.

"Ok, but you know if you need us to stop, you can just say so, right?" I say, not believing her.

"Mm-hm." she replies with a thin smile. I pretend to go back to gaming but watch Sophie from the corner of my eye.

I've seen her have a handful of accidents before. The most memorable was at her sister's wedding. That was a real disaster. But surely she wouldn't push herself past her limits like this now. Or so I thought. The next fifteen minutes prove otherwise. Thinking I wasn't looking, she went back to grabbing her crotch. She bends over and twist her face in grimace. She crosses her legs over and over again but the effectiveness seems to be waning fast.

I want to speak up on her behalf, to put her out of her misery, but the curious side of me had the stronger urge to see if she would finally speak up.

"Ah, bear with me guys. This road up here is seriously underworked." Tessa warns.

Just as Tessa said, the car jostles around and makes ungraceful bumps along the dips of the road. Sophie tenses with each bump. Her face is constantly screwed up in agony. She lowly groans frequently.

At this point, my need to ease my friend's pain overrides my curiosity. "Hey, guys, we need to—"

Pssst. I freeze as I hear the sound of a strong, torrent of piss. It last for three seconds. I look down over at Sophie. Her face has gone pale.

"P-please! Can we pull over now? I have to..." she trails, groaning again, tensing her whole body.

Kylie widens her eyes. "Oh my god, Soph. You look in serious bad shape. Why didn't you speak up sooner?"

Sophie doesn't say anything, she just hangs her head shamefully. Now the cat is out of the bag, she's foregoes any subtlety in hiding her desperation.

She's wiggling around in her seat and huffing. Her face is as red as Tessa's was when she needed to go, but maybe even worse.

Tessa and Kylie are hurriedly coordinating to get us off the road. They finally spot a restaurant (one of those really questionable restaurants that you would only ever visit if you was a local).

The road hasn't gotten any better and I wince every time the car hits a bump, knowing how it has to be taking a toll on Sophie. She's hiked up her sundress up more. I can see her legs are shaking and the small part of her panties that are visible are completely damp.

"Alright, I'm pulling up right now. Ok, Soph?" Tessa says, looking back at Sophie through the rear mirror with worry.

Sophie nods weakly. Her eyes are shut closed. She lets out a soft gasp as I hear another, strong leak leave her. Tessa pulls into the parking spot and I quickly exit the car to open the door for Sophie.

As she looks up at me, I feel awful for not speaking up sooner. Her eyes are watery and her lip is trembling. She looks so helpless. "Do you want me to help you out?" I offer.

She shakes her head. As she gingerly steps out, still bent over, I see why she declined my help. Wet trickles down her legs and the back of her sundress has a noticeable wet patch. The car seat seems to have been spared for the most part -- nothing a few wet wipes can't clean up.

Sophie looks into the restaurant and almost cries when she sees it's a full house. It was bad enough her friends had to see her pathetically try to stop herself from having an accident, but now a bunch of strangers too? She looked around the parking lot, contemplating just squatting behind the car. But of course there are people out here too. They were already giving her weird side looks and whispering. Her only salvation would be the privacy of the restroom inside.

Sucking in a breath, she reluctantly removes her hand. Her fingertips are completely wet with her piss. She then manages to unwind herself from her bent over position. Her bladder pinches at her painfully as she stands up. Another leak shoots down her leg. She does one last ungraceful bounce before walking into the restaurant.

I walk behind Sophie so that no one can see her wet patch. I'm tall and broad enough to cover her. I ask a waiter for the restrooms and he points to a spot in the middle of the restaurant.

It's one, family restroom that looks like it was built in the late 1800's. It's small and is made out of wood. The door creaks as a person enters. Worse part is as the person inside relieves themselves, everyone can hear their piss hitting the toilet bowl with crystal clarity. Everyone seems to be used to it though as they casually eat their food.

Sophie tries her best not to look like a toddler who overestimated the size of their bladder, but it's hard. That iced tea she downed earlier had filled her already aching bladder. To make matters worse, the restroom was her worse nightmare. She had been better off squatting behind the car, but any attempt to turn back now would leave her making a puddle before she made it all the way.

"It's ok, I'll be right out here." I assure her, knowing how this to be difficult for someone as shy as Sophie.

She smiles a bit at me. "Thanks." she manages as we come to a stop outside the restroom. There's two people in front of us. With each second going by, Sophie's worry she'll have another accident increases. Her bladder bulges through her sundress like she's newly pregnant. She rubs her bladder and bounces on her feet. Another leak winds it way down her slender legs. It leaves a visible water spot on the wooden floor panels.

Sophie focuses on anything but her growing need in what seems like the longest four minutes of her life. Despite her best efforts, she can't hide how badly she has to go. She's moving all over the place and fidgeting with her dress. She eyes the kitchen to the left of her. There's massive pots hanging up and she daydreams of slapping her pained urethra over one of them and emptying the sloshing contents of her bladder into the stainless steel pot.

The thought makes her shiver and she bits her lip harshly to stop a loud groan from escaping her. Finally, the last person that was in front of her exits the restroom. "It's your turn now, Soph. Remember, I'm right out here." I say to her.

But she doesn't hear me. The short, old toilet sings to her. Just a few more steps and relief will be hers. But her bladder doesn't care. It would not wait any longer. Sophie widened her eyes as she felt between her legs loosening up to gush out relief. In a quick feat, she darted into the restroom and haphazardly closed the door behind her.

She didn't even have time to sit or pull down her panties. She stood over the toilet as piss violently shot into the toilet below her. She lifted up her dress with one hand as she moaned at the immense relief. Just as Tessa had, she swung her head back as her body quivered at the delight of releasing its self of all the pent up liquid.

She steadied herself with a hand to the wall. She could feel something about to bloom between her legs. A peegasm. She experienced these frequently due to usually holding out on the restroom for long periods of time. Just as she felt herself on the verge, she realized the restaurant was quiet.

She opened her eyes and looked forward. The whole restaurant was looking at her relieve herself. In her rush to get in, she must have not closed the door properly. Almost everyone had stopped eating as they observed her hiked up dress, damp pink flower panties, and the hot piss of a mess she was making.

Even so, she couldn't stop what was coming. Her clitoris eased and racked her body with the most intense pee shivers. She involuntarily moaned loudly as the feeling spread throughout her. Her piss still flowing down into the toilet and her hard nipples gently stretching the fabric of her dress.

As she came down from her high, tears started to fall down her face. She sobbed hard as her piss became a trickle.

I really should have closed the door when it first happened but Sophie had oddly looked so arousing being that relieved. Her freckled face un-tensing and her long blonde hair falling down her back as she had put her head back to moan.

Her bare, slim pale legs had even been a sight to behold as piss had run down them. I couldn't have been the only one to see it as the other restaurant goers seemed to have been just as mesmerized by the sight. I noted a couple men shifting in their seat, no doubt hiding their hard-ons.

I didn't have time to speak before Sophie's pee came to a stop and she darted out of the restaurant in record speed. Her steps making squeaking sounds from when her sandals had been forced to soak up her long leaks.

I jogged after her. She rested behind the restaurant where no cars or people could see her. She was still sobbing. I looked down at her sympathetically.

"I can't believe I just did that. All those people...I'm so embarrassed. I'm a freak." she cried.

I knelt down beside her and comforted her. To be honest, I had been planning to use the restroom myself, but after everything, the need had slipped my mind. Kneeling down sent another warning sign to relieve myself but I ignored it again.

After a few moments, her crying came to a stop. Sophie would never tell anyone but what made her feel even more shameful was that having all those people watching had made her peegasm all the more intense for her.

Kylie and Tessa had found us and they walked over. Kylie had a change of clothes in her hand. "Aww, you didn't make it." she said in sympathy but it came off more patronizing. "Here. Tessa and I got these for you. From what we cleaned up from the car, I figured you'd need it."

I helped Sophie up. "I'll wait for you guys in the car then." I spoke up and headed off. I rubbed my bladder absentmindedly. It spasmed in protest and I instinctively grabbed and re-adjusted myself through my jeans. I looked back at the restaurant, but remembering the scene Sophie had just made put me off from hopping in for a quick leak.

I looked down at my watch. We'd been on the road for about seven hours now. Last time I went was at the hotel. We were an hour from where had originally meant to stop for a pit stop. Knowing Kylie though, she would make us drive through to Denver to make up for this unexpected stop. That meant it would be another 3 hours and a little until I could pee.

The initial thought made me contemplate the restaurant again. However, my confidence in my ability to hold won in the end. Three hours would make it 10 hours total in holding. I could definitely do that, I thought arrogantly. I had easily gone whole school days and work shifts without bursting for a pee.

With that resolution, I settled back into the car. I chuckled a bit to myself. I bet I wouldn't even feel the time flying by.

To be continued in part three...

A/N: sorry for the long delay on this. life was busy and I didn't want to post anything half ass. part three won't take as long as to be posted, promise! also, thanks for all the upvotes and reactions!! i didn't expect so much for my first story, it's much appreciated.

*009*2021-06-11 21:23

{{On 5/6/2021 at 10:51 AM, kilianj74 said:

Looking forward to part two - great so far! Glad this has some male desperation potential also...

}}

Hopefully i can execute it right lol. i've always wanted to see more male desperation stories so here's me attempting to bring more to this community

{{On 5/9/2021 at 10:56 AM, Apan said:

Please milk this one premise for all it's worth!

}}

Hope part two delivers on this! sophie's based off someone I know so it was fun to include their real life situations into this story.

{{On 6/1/2021 at 4:08 PM, Alex62 said:

Part 2 coming??

}}

Yes, and i've finally posted it now sorry for the long wait!!

*014*2021-07-31 16:25

Part Three

Before officially getting back on the road, Tessa insisted we find a drive thru Starbucks. She complained she was nearing her burn out point.

I ordered a venti Starbucks refresher. The car was still hot and despite my growing need, I was really craving something sweet and thirst quenching.

Not even thirty minutes back on route, half my drink was gone. Not feeling the effects on my bladder yet, I downed the other half even quicker. As the last of it emptied into me, my bladder bulged more. It pushed against the tightness of my belt and jeans. I adjusted myself.

I glanced at my watch for another time. We still had over two hours to cover. I decided a nap could do me some good. I wasn't sure how much more phone gaming I could take. I slept for roughly 2 hrs 11 minutes before my bladder woke me up with a startle.

I grunted and my hand instinctively went to my bladder. It was as hard as a rock. I widened my eyes. I had never known my bladder could feel like that. I winced as I applied a bit of pressure.

I felt confident to hold but 5 minutes passed and that confidence started to dwindle. My need was becoming exponentially worse. I discreetly grabbed my crotch. The pressure eased what felt like a sure leak.

I held myself like this for the next ten minutes but its effectiveness was waning. My bladder twinged painfully, unsatisfied with my non-compliance to relieve myself. I tried adjusting myself again but instead it sent a wave of desperation through me.

The tip of my cock moistened with a small leak. I groaned under my breath. Fuck, I needed to pee and urgently.

"Uh, are we stopping anytime soon?" I asked, trying to hide the desperation in my voice.

"Oh, you was asleep but we decided to drive pass Denver, because it was so busy. We'll stop off at the next rest stop."

"...right and when's that?" I asked impatiently.

"I don't know, to be honest. It's all sticks and canyons from here on out to the hotel. Maybe like 20 minutes? That's about how long ago we saw the last one."

Damn it! If I hadn't been sleeping, I would have asked to stop off at that one.

Tessa looked back at me through the rear mirror and I quickly stopped holding myself. Waves of desperation flowed over me and I bit my lip harshly.

"You good, hun?"

"Yeah, just gotta go." I laughed lightly, playing it casual when all I wanted to do was piss out the window.

She nodded. "I get it. I'll be sure to pull off at the next rest stop."

That was music to my ears. I muttered a small thanks and slumped back in my seat. I had leaked more while not holding myself. The damp wetness of my boxers brushing against the head of my cock only tempted me to release all the more.

But the rest stop was what kept me sane. Sweat had started to trickle down the back of my neck. I wanted to undo my belt but it would be too obvious. It dug right into my bulging bladder. Every time I moved, it would pinch me and make me leak a little more.

Time crawled on slowly. I bounced my leg and gripped my crotch tighter. I couldn't think of anything else but wanting to piss. I closed my eyes and all I saw was a blessed urinal and a thick, jet of piss leaving me. It drove me mad.

20 minutes came and went. No rest stop in sight. "Still no rest stops?" I asked, my voice croaking.

"Seems like it." Tessa said.

I looked out onto the empty road and desert next to it with little covering. It wasn't ideal but it would work.

"Can you just stop? I'll be quick and go in one of the bushes."

"Out here?" Kylie asked, bewildered.

"Yeah, I really don't care. I just need to piss." I said, exasperated.

"...ok. It's a one-way road though so if a car comes, you'll have to get back in immediately or I'll get in trouble." Tessa told me.

"Yeah, yeah, will do." I said absentmindedly, more focused on my nearing relief.

She slowed the car. Despite wanting to dash out, I had to be slow to get out or I would undoubtedly soak myself. It was excruciating moving so slowly when I knew relief was inches away.

Once out, I waddled to a bush and some cactus'. Out of sight but close by. My body knew I was finally ending this torment and sent all alarms blazing to my bladder. It spasmed and I doubled over. I squeezed my aching cock one more time before fumbling with one hand to get my belt free.

After a few seconds, it unlatched and I hurriedly unzipped my trousers. I was already peeing as I whipped out my cock. My eyes fluttered as I sprayed the bush happily with my piss.

45 seconds went by and it was still going strong with no signs of letting up. I felt my bulging bladder lessen but sadly it wouldn't get the full emptying we both wanted.

A loud honk alarmed me. "Incoming car! We gotta go!" Kylie shouted.

I cursed. I wasn't nearly done yet. I tried to get more piss out faster but there was still so much and no time left. With the honking not stopping, I woefully pinched the end of my cock to seize peeing. I dripped for a few seconds before I successfully cut the stream off.

I stuffed my cock back in my jeans and did up my belt, this time not so tight. I definitely felt better. It made me hopeful such desperation wouldn't fall upon me so soon.

I jogged it back to the car in time and slipped in at the back. Sophie handed me a wet one as I settled and I cleaned my hands.

"You have a dam in you or something? That was a long ass piss." Kylie criticized.

And that wasn't even half of it, I thought. "I got a big bladder, what else can I say?"

"For your sake, I hope so. Next pee break isn't until we're in the hotel or we won't make it for check in. It's about 4 hrs away." she retorted.

"Won't be a problem." I lied.

I would be ok until then, right? I didn't get to finish but I did pee. I wishfully thought my desperation and fidgeting was behind me but a growing bulge in my bladder told me otherwise.

To be continued in part 4...

*015*2021-07-31 16:35

Part Four

After an hour in, I felt my eased desperation of 4/10 escalate back to a solid 6/10. All those drinks I had been downing all day were still making their way into my bladder steadily.

I couldn't possibly ask to stop off again. It was embarrassing enough that I had to make a mad dash to the bushes earlier. The worst part? It was still hot as hell and my mouth was as dry as paper.

I eyed the cooler next to me. All the waters were gone, only a few iced sweet teas remained. I knew tea would only amp my need but my thirst was dire. I popped the lid off and drank healthy gulps of the cool liquid. My bladder pushed forward uncomfortably as I did so.

I put a hand over my bulging abdomen. It sent a sensation through me and I squeezed my legs together. I let out a low breath. Ok, distraction. I need a distraction, I deduced. I put in some earphones and decided to listen to some music. This worked for around hour and half. In that time, my need easily went up to a 8/10.

I was fidgeting around in my seat constantly, trying to find a position that would help me ignore it. But nothing worked. Pissing in that bush seemed like a distant dream. Oh, how I wished I had just kept going back then.

It was dark outside and Sophie and Kylie were sleeping. Luckily, this allowed me to hold myself without remorse.

Time crawled on agonizingly slow and my need gradually moved up to a 9/10. My face was red and sweat formed on my brow. I glanced at a yawning Tessa. Discreetly, I took my belt off. The release of pressure was almost enough to make me forget reason and make a puddle in my seat.

I could finally breathe a bit. I shoved my hand in my jeans and shamelessly grabbed myself through my boxers. I grunted. That definitely took the edge off.

I felt confident again. Like this, I could make it to the hotel room dry. But the odds were against me today. The roads had shifted from paved to gravel. The car jostled about, hitting dips frequently. I groaned as little leaks spurted out. Again, the wet fabric rubbing teasingly against the head of my cock. I didn't know how much more of this I could take.

"Hey," Tessa spoke up with a yawn. The sudden speaking made me quickly yank my hand out my pants. This caused a longer leak.

"I know the car's under my name but I seriously think I might fall asleep behind the wheel in a minute here. Do you mind taking over? The hotel is like 30 minutes away."

"T-take over?" I stuttered. I could barely keep myself together in the backseat with this level of desperation, let alone drive.

"Please," she begged. "I'll owe you one."

I bit my lip and sighed. "Ok, ok, I'll switch."

Tessa pulled the car over. I had to sneak my belt back on and my bladder spasmed painfully in retaliation. I gingerly stepped out the car. As I walked to the driver's seat, I eyed the empty field next to me. I could piss right there and be free. It was dark enough for me to get away with it.

"Better hop in. If we don't go now, we'll miss check in." Tessa piqued from the back.

"...yeah." I said and looked longingly at the field while I drove us off.

It was hard to focus on the road. I couldn't hold myself like before and doing so through my jeans offered little comfort. I really regretted that sweet iced tea now. It was working its way into my already full bladder.

My cock ached. It was tired of holding back the tsunami of pee only being held back by my willpower. I was too.

The leaks were constant now. I had a golf ball sized patch on the front of my jeans. I was now reliving the desperation I had seen in my friends. From Tessa's close call to Sophie's gushing piss over the restaurant toilet. What relief they must have felt.

I groaned and my cock twitched with another leak. The patch grew to a tennis ball. I was grateful my jeans were dark. I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to go so bad. Fuck check in, I was pulling over and pissing right now.

But as I said that, the hotel came into view. Tempting as it was to piss on the side of the road, I decided against it. I was not a toddler. I was a grown man and I could hold it until I got to our hotel room.

I drove onward and soon reached the parking lot. My need was now a strong 11/10. I slammed opened the driver's side and climbed out. I instantly doubled over. I could barely move without risking a full blown accident.

I had to wake the others up. The rooms were under Tessa's name. I silently cursed.

"Guys, wake up!" I yelled and crossed my legs tighter together. I repeated this a couple times before they awoke, each time having to do a potty dance to stop from pissing in the parking lot.

Everything was a blur as we walked into the lobby. I tried not to look desperate but I couldn't not hold myself. I'd piss everywhere otherwise.

As soon as the check in lady handed us the first room key, I snatched it. "I'll bring our stuff up." I croaked.

"I'll come with." Kylie chimed in. I paid little attention to her as I dashed into the elevator. I hit our floor number with a shaky and sweaty hand.

"Come on, come on..." I mouthed and rocked back and forth on my heels.

Kylie giggled. "Guess your bladder isn't that big after all." she teased and poked my distended bladder. I winced and a sharp, surprise leak shot out of me.

"Don't do that!" I snapped.

She only giggled some more. The doors opened and I stepped out. I frantically looked down the hallway for our room. My free hand was already at my belt, undoing the latch, preparing for my long overdue relief.

"We're here." Kylie said, pointing to a door. I put the key in and out, but the light went red. I tried again two more times but same thing.

"Why won't it open?!" I exclaimed exasperated, tears forming at my eyes. I just wanted to get inside and pee.

"Because it's upside down, idiot." Kylie took the key from me and with one swipe, the door lit green. I groaned and held my bladder.

Kylie opened the door and I instantly went towards the bathroom. I had made it. I was in the hotel room, mostly dry, and I could finally pee.

Before I could get inside, however, Kylie went in. "Kylie, what the hell?! I need to fucking go!"

"Me too! You can wait." she shouted back. I wanted to kill her, but more importantly, I knew my time was up.

I slumped against the wall. A full spurt ran down my leg and into my socks. I shamelessly grabbed myself under my boxers. It stopped any further leaks. I heard Kylie's piss hit the toilet bowl. It was loud, she must have been needing to go a good amount too. The sound filled my ears and that was my breaking point.

"I can’t…I can’t hold it anymore…" I groaned painfully. I spotted a small empty trash can and rushed to it.

In a quick motion, I whipped my cock out and let loose. A torrent of piss noisily hit against the plastic trash bag. I moaned out in sheer relief and put a hand against the wall. "Ahh…"

I faintly heard the others coming in and exclaiming something, but I didn't care. There was no sweeter bliss than this moment. I shuddered as piss after piss emptied from me. My cock stiffened slightly from how good it felt. After about 2 minutes, it finally came to a trickle.

Never again would I wait that long to piss again, I thought. This roadtrip had definitely taught me that lesson.

Too bad for our protagonist here, this certainly wouldn't be the last time he would be bursting for a piss.

Alright guys, that was the last part. thanks for reading! this guy is based off someone in my real life who I had the pleasure of witnessing both pissing on the side of the road and relieving himself in a bathtub (I used a trash can here because it fit better). same goes for the other characters too (you can expect more stuff on sophie soon). hope you look forward to my other stuff!

