Anna (Angels with Scaly Wings) Lab Desperation

Author: imleaking

*000*2021-08-15 17:00

"glug, glug, glug..." the sound of coffee filling up an 8 oz cup bounced off the walls in the lab.

Anna looked over its caffeinated contents with pleasure. She had been up since 5 AM, tirelessly working away. The reason for this early start was that when sleeping last night, a breakthrough had came to Anna while dreaming. It was no surprise that even while unconscious, she was still able to make scientific epiphanies leaps ahead of her peers. She was just that good, Anna thought arrogantly.

Nevertheless, the breakthrough was not complete. It required more research which meant more tests. It was a lot but if Anna could perfect this, it would be a fundamental step in finding a cure for cancer. Anna had barely been able to contain her excitement when she had woken up that she had skipped her morning pee altogether and headed straight to the lab.

The sun now twinkled in the sky as the clock hit 8:58 AM. Her claws gripped around handle of the cup and she brought it to her lips. The faint aroma of peach, orange, and jasmine reached her nose. She hummed in pleasure. She had recently been gifted a package of Ospina coffee by her friend, Val. According to him, it was one of the most expensive coffee's in the world. She rolled her eyes at the thought, only Val could come up with such a gift for her.

But she had to give it to him, the coffee tasted amazing (not that she would ever admit this to him openly). It was one of the reasons she was able to easily down her third cup within a half hour. As the glass clinked back down on the counter, her bladder jostled uncomfortably as more liquid worked its way threw Anna's body.

She shifted uncomfortably behind her microscope. Moving from one taloned foot to the next. She thought briefly that a restroom break would be a good idea, but as this came to mind, the micro-organisms she was studying began to act abnormally. She quickly pushed aside her need and re-focused on her subject.

Time ticked on and as the hand of the clock struck noon, Anna had consumed another three cups of coffee. So consumed in her work, she paid little attention to what all this diuretic liquid was wrecking on her bladder.

"I see...of course! The telomerase is reacting this way because its unique sequences are not capable of withstanding the intrusive nature of this compound. Why didn't I see this before? In order to get a better look, I'll have to neutralize the..."

Anna's rambling was cut short. While speaking, she had attempted to reach over her work space for more equipment but a sharp, pained stabbing in her bladder seized her movement. "Ahh..." she groaned and rubbed her abdomen.

Her bladder was distended noticeably and sensually tinged at just the lightest touch of pressure. She eyed the still dripping coffee machine and grimaced. So maybe the 6 cups of coffee wasn't her smartest move.

At times like this, she wished Val was here. He could be intolerable at times, most people were to her, but she found his willingness to help her was quite useful. If he was present, she could of had him watch over her work while she quickly relieved herself.

She looked from her work to the hallway leading to the toilets and bit her lip. In midst her contemplation, her bladder violently spasmed and she tightly crossed her legs to avoid a leak. "Ok, I get it. One time where something has to come before my work..." she grumbled.

She let out a breath and began to walk towards the hallway. Each step sent a shock through her and caused her to walk gingerly. With relief nearing, her urethral opening throbbed in anticipation. "I'm almost there." she mumbled, frustrated at her lack of control.

But as she rounded the corner, she came face to face with Damion. Despite her wanting to hold herself for some much needed pressure, she stood tall and confident in front of her previous dick of a boss.

He regarded her with a frown. "I thought you was working from home today."

"I was. Not that I need to explain myself to my assistant, but my research required equipment not at my house."

He raised an eyebrow and a devious like grin pulled at his lips, "Oh? Care to share?"

She scoffed, "So you can run off to the committee and claim the idea as yours? I'm the not one who got tricked into resigning, remember? We both know I'm smarter than you."

He chuckled, "Maybe, maybe not." he taunted and walked past her into the lab.

Anna looked down the hall at the toilets. Her bulging bladder protruded more and she winced. She gripped her crotch and and twisted about on the spot. She was bursting and yet, she couldn't go. She couldn't risk Damion taking anything from her and showing it to the minister of science, who at present wasn't fond of her.

She gave one last, hard squeeze and walked back into the lab, careful to not let on her desperation show to Damion. She began to work again, but this time, her focus was on anything but the papers in front of her.

Her tail swayed back and forth in place of bouncing her leg. Her cheeks were no doubt red as she willed control over her aching bladder. She occasionally shifted from foot to foot, hoping to delay her release until Damion left.

But it seemed impossible. The 6 coffee's once again jostled about in her swollen bladder and she groaned lightly. Not being able to cross her legs, Anna felt her pussy moisten with a leak of warm piss. She widened her eyes as a small drop fell onto the floor. The small taste of relief was enough to amp up her desperation to an excruciating level.

Carefully working herself around her table, she put her lower bottom out of view and gave her a crotch a much needed hold. She shivered at the relief it gave her. But this was a momentary fix. If Anna didn't find a way to a toilet soon, she would be wetting publicly.

She shuffled her legs and grunted. How was it even scientifically possible to be this bursting? She felt like one wrong move and her bladder would explode. As it was, her bladder had bulged so much now that if she wasn't it careful, the table would press painfully into her. As sweat formed between her thighs, she stole look at Damion.

When was he leaving? She needed to pee so badly. Catching her gaze, Damion looked at her. He gave a smug smile at her distressed state.

"You look pale, Anna. What's wrong? Needing to be somewhere other than the lab?" he asked, jabbing at her suspected toilet needs.

She straightened herself, ignoring the growing wet on her hand as she did so. "I'm right where I need to be."

He half chuckled. "My bad. Let me get you another cup of coffee as an apology."

"...sure." she replied, wondering how anymore liquid could possibly enter her.

He extended the cup to her and she took it reluctantly. Damion watched her while the warm liquid slipped down her throat. As it settled in her stomach, another leak slipped from Anna's claws and onto the floor. She was glad it wasn't too visible.

"Delicious." she replied confidently to Damion. He looked at her for a moment before shrugging. "Guess I was wrong." he mumbled and walked back to his station.

Anna could feel him glancing over at her, watching her, as the minutes painfully crawled on. In her stubborn stance to appear okay, she sipped on the new cup of coffee. She felt so sick by the time her now 7th cup was emptied. Her bladder was bloated beyond belief. Just one poke and Anna was sure she would be staining the white walls of her lab in yellow.

Finally, Damion grabbed his jacket. "Alright, I'm off now. Try to enjoy your day without me." he quipped.

"Trust me, I will." she sassily retorted but the conviction of her tone was weakened by her current desperate affairs.

Once she heard the facility door click, she shoved both hands in between her legs. She danced about with heavy breaths. "Oh, that 7th cup did it...I'm gonna burst." she groaned.

She put one foot forward, in an attempt to get to the close-by toilets, but was greeted with a shocking sensation pinching her overgrown bladder. She doubled over. "Ughh...I-I can't move...it's too big now."

She looked at her protruding bladder and gently touched it. It instantly sent a leak down her leg. Her crotch quivered in response and that was enough for her bladder to choose defeat. It had tasted a glimpse of relief and wanted more.

With shaking legs, another fat jet of warm piss hissed to the floor. "N-no, I'm wetting myself..." Anna moaned and removed her hands. A torrent of piss splattered noisily against the lab floor.

She put a hand to her bladder while it emptied and cried out in relief. It felt so good to finally let go of all that pent up piss. The piss was hot and steamed up from the huge puddle forming around her talons. Anna peed for well over 3 minutes. She almost thought the stream would never stop.

As it came to a trickle, she observed the way her crotch glistened with her piss and the massive puddle seeping everywhere across the floor. "Look at this mess I've made..there's only one person to call at a time like this."

Reaching for her phone, Anna called Val.

A/n: alright, that's the end! i wrote this up at the request of @ValTheDraggo. i'm not into furries and have never written anything relating to it before so please forgive any mistakes regarding that. hope you enjoyed! 

*002*2021-08-15 17:19

{{1 minute ago, ValTheDraggo said:

This was great!!

Thank you so much for this!

I must say, i'm still impressed with just how fast this was written.

Again, thank you!

}}

Yay, i'm so glad you enjoyed it! this was new for me but i liked it ^^ hopefully i can keep up this writing high i've been on lately lol

