Friendship is Pee

Author: Innate Tangent

*000*2022-11-16 09:39

A retelling of Friendship is Magic, except all of the characters need to pee very badly in every scene.

Contains Desperation and Watersports (obviously), also diapers.

Chapter 1: Friendship is Magic - Part 1

Once upon a time, in the magical...

"Oh sweet Celestia, I need to pee!" Twilight exclaimed.

She had spent so long reading and hadn't noticed that her bladder was filling up. With a moment's hesitation, she ran behind the tree she was reading under and took a massive piss. She blushed, hoping nopony would see her.

Once she had emptied her bladder, she went back to reading, but eventually (after she learned about Nightmare Moon) she decided to leave because the area now smelled like pee and she didn't want anypony to realise that the enormous puddle of urine behind the tree was hers.

~~~~~

"There you are Twilight! Moon Dancer is having a party and we all drank too much punch so we really need to pee, can we use the bathroom inside your tower?"

Twilight realised at that moment that she also needed to pee really badly, even though she had just taken a massive piss behind the tree, and if she let them use her bathroom she wouldn't be able to use it herself.

"Sorry girls," said Twilight, "I have a lot of peeing- I mean studying to catch up on so I can't allow any distractions!"

With her smooth coverup there was no way they would realise that Twilight was actually carrying a two ton water baby that was attempting to blast its way through her urethra. She ran towards her tower so she could use the bathroom.

"Does that pony do anything except pee? I think she's more interested in peeing than friends."

Then all three of them couldn't hold it anymore and had an accident on the ground.

~~~~~

Twilight burst into her tower with one goal in mind, to get to the bathroom before it was too late. It was too late though, and her waters broke, the water baby was coming and she could do nothing but sigh in relief as it hissed out of her nethers like a miniature waterfall, but warmer.

"Spike! Spiiiike!" Twilight yelled.

One of Spike's many duties as her number one assistant was to clean up the puddle when she urinated on the floor unintentionally.

Twilight noticed a puddle was flowing from behind the door she had just slammed open.

"There you are Spike!" Said Twilight, "You're my number one assistant, you're supposed to clean up my number one, not add to it!"

"Sorry Twilight, I had to pee really badly for no reason and then when you slammed the door handle into my bladder I had an accident."

"Oh Spike," said Twilight, "You know we don't have time for things like using the bathroom, we need to research ancient legends!"

Twilight looked through her library while Spike cleaned up the puddles of hot steaming urine that they had both made, eventually discovering that Nightmare Moon was due to return.

Twilight was so surprised and frightened that she peed a little.

"Spike, do you know what this means?"

"That you never should have graduated from pullups?" Asked Spike.

"No!" Said Twilight, "It means we have to write a letter to Princess Celestia!"

"Dear Princess Celestia, I have discovered that - Oh darn, I need to pee." Twilight dictated to her number one assistant, "Nightmare Moon is going to return so you should probably do something about that, your faithful student, Twilight Sparkle."

Twilight then ran into the bathroom and urinated violently into the toilet, creating a sound similar to frying chicken. When she returned she saw Spike grinning.

"Just to make sure, you didn't write down that part about needing to pee." Twilight said in concern.

"Of course not." Said Spike.

Spike then peed a little bit because he always peed when he lied due to a curse Twilight had placed on him accidentially several years ago. Twilight didn't notice that a spurt of pee had come out of Spike though.

"Oh, good." Said Twilight, "I know you're not lying beacuse if you were you would have peed yourself."

"Princess Celestia is really busy Twilight," said Spike, "She probably won't reply right away."

Just then, Spike burped up a scroll and and handed it to Twilight. Spike immediately ran to the bathroom because he always really needed to pee when he burped up a scroll because of magic.

Twilight read the letter and peed herself in surprise.

My most faithful and weak bladdered student, you know that I also have to pee sometimes, in fact, I am peeing right now as I dictate this letter, however, you simply must stop peeing on the floor constantly.

Ahhh, it feels so good to let it all out. Don't write that down Steady Quill, where was I? Oh yeah-

You have caused thousands of bits worth of property damage to my castle, so I'm sending you to ponyville where you will do less damage. While you're there, you can check on preparations for the Summer Sun Celebration, with particular empahsis on the latrines. As you know, last year fifteen nobles died when the latrines colapsed and they drowned in the urine of a thousand different ponies. As funny as that was, I don't want it to happen again since the whole point of the summer sun celebration is for me to bathe in the urine to maintain my eternal youth and having corpses floating in it makes me feel icky.

And, I have an even more essential task for you. Use the bathroom before you get on the chariot, my guards are tired to hosing it out after you've been in it.

What do you mean the chamber pot is full? Well I can't just stop peeing, it's impossilbe, nopony can do that.

If it's splashing on the parchment then just send it already!

The bottom part of the parchment was damp and the ink smudged.

Twilight groaned.

"Look on the bright side Twilight, this means we're still allowed to ride in the chariot," Said Spike after he returned from the bathroom, "After Storm Breaker brought in the three strikes rule for having potty accidents in guard chariots and you got five strikes I was sure that we'd be banned for life. Doesn't that make you happy?"

Twilight got a determined look in her eyes.

"Yes, yes it does." Said Twilight, "Because this way we can get to Ponyville really quickly and I can check up on Nightmare Moon at the Ponyville library. Once I get proof that Nightmare Moon is returning Celestia will have to listen, no matter how much water damage I cause."

~~~~~

Spike and Twilight where hurtling through the air at a high rate of speed. The only thing higher than their rate of speed in the royal chariot was the pressure in Twilight's bladder. She was sitting on a hoof to try and stave off the need to urinate for a little longer.

"You did use the bathroom before we get on the chariot right? Like the Princess said?"

"She said to use the bathroom before I got on the chariot. I used the bathroom yesterday, so that's before."

"You only used the bathroom yesterday to brush your teeth!" Said Spike. "You didn't make it to the toilet once!"

Spike was heasitant to call too much attention to Twilight though, because he also needed to pee very badly.

The royal guards pulling the chariot grimaced. They didn't have any notice for when the princess ordered them to pull the chariot so they hadn't been to the toilet and thus needed to pee very badly also.

Eventually Twilight's bladder was tired of her saying no. So it said 'no' and began releasing it's contents all over the interior of the Royal chariot.

"No!" Said Twilight, as hot urine gushed out of her and was absorbed into the plush upholstery of the bench she was sitting on.

Spike's bladder was also on the verge of breaking, but because he was a male he whipped out his cock and began peeing over the side of the chariot, sighing in relief. Twilight was very jealous and wished that she could also pee over the side of the chariot, but she couldn't so instead she had a massive potty accident in the chariot - right in front of the sign that had been affixed to the chariot that warned of the consequences of doing said thing. Twilight felt much better after he bladder was empty though, so she also sighed in relief.

When they landed the guards shivered because they had to pee so badly.

"Thankyou sirs." Said Twilight, hoping that the guards hadn't noticed that she had recently released two gallons of urine inside the chariot they were pulling.

The guards didn't notice because they were too focused on their own impending hydrological disasters. All of their availible brain power was dedicated to holding their pee inside of their bloated and abused bladders, so they couldn't come up with words to respond to Twilight, so they just whinnied.

As soon as Twilight's back was turned they both couldn't stand it anymore. They stayed rooted to the spot, peeing with such force that their twin streams carved gouges out of the hard packed earth on which they stood.

~~~~~

After a while, Spike realised he had to pee again. Twilight might be content to pee herself publically rather than look for a bathroom, but Spike was very much opposed to it, even if he was very shy about talking to anyone except Twilight.

"Maybe the ponies in Ponyville have a bathroom I can use. Come on Twilight, just try!"

A pink pony approached the pair.

"Um, hello." Said Twilight.

The pink mare gasped, and urine exploded out of her in a stream more powerful than Twilight had ever seen. The stream was like a fire hose, so powerful that it propelled the pink mare at a high rate of speed away from Twilight before disappearing behind a building.

"Well, I don't think she knows the way to the bathroom."

Spike sighed. He'd just have to hold it until they got to the first stop on their list; banquet preperations. Surely they would have a bathroom he could use.

The sound of Twilight reliving herself behind a tree was torture, but he was determined that he wouldn't resort to that.

~~~~~

"Yeehaw!"

Twilight and Spike saw an orange earth pony run up and kick a tree.

"Let's get this over with... Good Afternoon, my name is Twilight Sparkle -"

"Well howdy-doo Ms Twilight. Pleasure to meet your aquaintance. I'm Applejack. We here at Sweet Apple Acres sure do love peeing- I mean making friends."

Applejack's recovery from her verbal slipup was so smooth that nopony could possibly have noticed that she said the wrong thing because she was desperate for a wee. The earthpony mare shook Twilight's hoof far too vigourously because she was distracted by the immence pressure in her lower abdomen. A steady stream of urine ran down Twilight's leg as she tried to stop vibrating.

"Peeing?" Twilight asked, "Well actually I-"

Spike gave her a pleading expression. He was about to blow.

"What can I do you for?" Asked Applejack.

Twilight opened her mouth to respond-

"CAN I USE YOUR BATHROOM!" Spike suddenly burst out, his eyes bulging from the sheer effort of containing himself for a few moments longer.

"Afraid not sugar cube." Said Applejack, "As soon as you two showed up everypony suddenly needed to use the outhouse something fierce, so there's a line up longer than I can pee- I mean spit."

Spike groaned as he began peeing uncontrollably. With his claws pressed into his crotch the urine was deflected upwards and the fountain reached almost to his navel before it gave in to gravity and flowed down his scaly legs to form a puddle.

"Ain't nothing to be ashamed of." Said Applejack, "Not everypony can have a bladder of steel like me."

Twilight decided to deal with the situation the same way she did every pubic potty predicament, by pretending it didn't happen.

"Well, I am in fact here to supervise preparations for the Summer Sun Celebration. And you're in charge of the food and drinks?" Said Twilight

"We sure as sugar are! Would you care to sample some?"

"As long as it doesn't take too long..." Said Twilight.

"Soup's on, everypony!" Yelled Applejack as she rang a triangle.

"Now, why don't I introduce y'all to the Apple family?"

"Thanks," said Twilight, "but I need to pee."

"This here's Apple Fritter. Apple Bumpkin. Red Gala. Red Delicious, Golden Delicious, Caramel Apple, Apple Strudel, Apple Tart, Baked Apples, Apple Brioche, Apple Cinnamon Crisp... Big McIntosh, Apple Bloom and Granny Smith. Up'n'attem, Granny Smith, we got guests."

Most of the ponies looked uncomfortable, because they needed to pee very badly for some reason.

"Why, I'd say you're already part of the family!"

Twilight could see every one of the ponies guzzling Applejuice like it was some kind of competition. That explained why all of them needed to pee very badly in a very clever way, almost as if someone had scripted it to happen.

"Okay, well, I can see the food and drink situation is handled, and you're bathroom is in use so we'll be on our way."

"Aren't you gonna stay for a cider drinking competition?" Applebloom's puppy eyes melted Twilight's bladder and she decided she could hold it a while longer.

"Fine." Said Twilight.

~~~~~

"I think that went pretty well." Said Spike, "Everypony was very impressed with how much cider you could drink... Well, up until you peed all over yourself."

"Ugh, I drank too much cider." Twilight moaned, her distended bladder sticking out comically beneath her.

"Up next is the weather." Said Spike, "A pony named Rainbow Dash is supposed to be clearing the clouds."

Twilight looked at the overcast sky.

"Well, she's not doing a very good job, is she?" Twilight asked rhetorically. "I bet she spends all her time taking potty breaks instead of doing her job."

A blue blur colided with Twilight, causing her to involuntarily release several gallons of urine from her bladder, turning dirt in the area surrounding her to mud.

"Uh, scuse me." Said a blue pegasus, "I was in a hurry because I need to pee really badly."

"Guys, I have to pee." Said Spike.

The blue Pegusus, presumably Rainbow Dash, giggled.

"Let me help you!"

She grabbed a storm cloud and used it to wash the mud off Twilight's coat.

"Is this raincloud full of your pee?" Asked Twilight.

"What?" Asked Rainbow, "Of course not, that would be disgusting. Only a terrible fanfiction author writing a fetish story would come up with something like that."

"Oh, alright." Said Twilight.

"I have to pee so bad, I'm gonna pee right here." Said Spike, and he did.

"Let me guess, you're Rainbow Dash."

"Why, you heard of me?" Asked Rainbow dash, the sheer magnitude of her ego matched only by the desperation of her need to empty her bladder.

"I heard you were supposed to be clearing the sky," said Twilight, "But it seems like somepony is more concerned with taking potty breaks than doing her important job."

Spike rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, yeah, I'll clear the sky," Rainbow promised, "Just as soon as I get rid of this pee that's weighing me down. I was practicing for the wonderbolts, and that always makes me need to pee because Spitfire once said that her fans should stay hydrated so I drink ten gallons of water every day."

"Pfft, the wonderbolts never use the bathroom during training," Twilight said, "their breaks only last 10 seconds."

"I can take a piss in ten seconds flat." Bragged Rainbow.

"Prove it." Said Twilight.

The rainbow pegasus dissapeared so fast she left an after image, along with a rainbow in the air that Twilight's scientific mind identified as caused by droplets of 'water' in the air, as urine forced its way out of the desperate pegasus' tortured bladder.

Exactly ten seconds later, a much lighter pegasus reappeared sighing in relief. The sound of a toilet flushing took another moment to arive, indicating that her desperate toilet expedition had her traveling faster than sound.

Twilight closed her gaping mouth when she realised that she was probably inhaling droplets of Rainbow Dash's pee.

"You're a laugh Twilight Sparkle. I can't wait to hang out some more."

~~~~~

Comment if you want to see more. I have some pre-written.

*002*2022-11-16 11:37

Friendship is Magic - Part 2

"Wow, she's amazing," Spike laughed, "If you were that quick getting to the bathroom I'd have way less puddles to clean up."

Twilight just grumbled, and then peed herself again because her bladder was sore from being hit by Rainbow dash and also she'd drunk so much cider.

~~~~~

"It's beautiful..." Said spike

"Yes, that mare is rather attractive." Said Twilight.

"Not the mare," Spike corrected, "The bathroom!"

Spike crossed his legs.

A white mare was standing in front of a door labeled with a bathroom symbol, but she was sorting through a number of different objects in her blue magic.

"No, no, no," She said, "Oh goodness no!"

"Good afternoon." Said Twilight.

"Just a moment, please," Said the White mare without turning around, "I've lost the key to the bathroom and I very much need to get in there with some urgency!"

After another few moments the white mare, who Spike informed her was called Rarity, found the key she was looking for and disapeared inside the bathroom.

A few moments later there was a flushing sound and Twilight began peeing herself again. The urine flooding down her hind legs and creating a warm puddle on the floor.

"Oh my stars darling," Rarily exclaimed upon exiting the bathroom, "Are you embarassing yourself in such an infantile manner?"

Twilight was still peeing when Rarily emerged from the bathroom.

"Oh, you mean the pee?" Asked Twilight, "I usually just try to ignore that."

"Oh this will not do!" Said Rarity.

"CAN I USE THE BATHROOM NOW?" Spike asked desperately.

"Of course darling, help yourself." Said Rarity.

Spike was so happy that he could have kissed the mare, but instead he ran inside the bathroom to relieve his aching bladder. Meanwhile Rarity grabbed Twilight in her magic and dragged her away.

"Wait!" Said Twilight, "Where are we going? Help!"

~~~~~

"No, no, uh-uh. Too green. Too yellow. Too poofy. Not poofy enough. Too frilly. Too... shiny. "

Rarity was trying to fit Twilight into various types of diapers with many different designs.

"Now go on my dear, you were telling me where you're from?"

Twilight had to pee really badly, but the crazy white mare wouldn't let her get a word in edgewise to say she needed the toilet.

"I've come from Canterlot, but right now I need to-" Twilight winced as Rarity taped up one of the diapers a little too tight, the additional pressure causing Twilight to urinate uncontrollably into the absorbant garnment.

"Canterlot!" Rarity exclaimed, "Oh I am so envious. There are so many amazing diaper stores in Canterlot. I've always dreamed of living there. We are going to be the best of friends."

"Oh, I see you've made use of your diaper," Said Rarity, "Let me get you a change!"

Twilight took the opportunity that Rarity was out of the room to escape and remove her diaper.

"Quick!" She called to Spike, "Before she tries to put a diaper on me again!"

Spike just sighed, wishing that he could have forced the outrageously incontinent mare he was charged with cleaning up after to wear some kind of protection.

~~~~~

"Wasn't she wonderful?" Said Spike dreamily.

Twilight grumbled. "I do not need a diaper, no matter what you, my parents, Princess Celestia, my Magic Kindergarten teacher and that crazy mare we just met say!"

Spike ignored her outburst.

"Next is music. Oh, it's that last one!"

Twilight saw a yellow pegasus conducting a choir of small birds.

"Hello." Said Twilight.

The pegusus mare shrank in on herself as her birds startled and flew off.

"Oh, I'm sorry," Said Twilight, "I didn't mean to frighten your birds. I'm just here to check on the music and it's sounding beautiful."

Twilight stepped closer.

"I'm Twilight Sparkle, what's your name?" Twilight asked.

"I-I'm fluttershy." Said Fluttershy, her voice quieter than peeing into a laundry hamper.

Thinking about peeing in a laundry hamper made Twilight realise that she needed to pee very badly. She just needed to get this mare's name first.

"I'm sorry, what was that?" Twilight moved even closer to Fluttershy, but she had to cross her legs because she had to pee so badly.

"F-fluttershy." Said Fluttershy, but the sound of her timid voice was so quiet that the sound of her bladder releasing in abject terror drowned it out.

Twilight's bladder ached in sympathy and she decided that she should pee herself too, to make Fluttershy feel less embarassed.

"Well, it looks like your birds are back," said Twilight continued speaking while she was still peeing, "Keep up the good work!"

Fluttershy only squeaked in response.

"Okay," said Twilight, "Well, that was easy."

Spike emerged from behind a tree he had snuck behind to pee during their conversation.

Fluttershy gasped. "A baby Dragon!"

~~~~~

Fluttershy followed them all the way to the library, asking Spike incessant questions. During the conversation Spike rode on Twilight's back. The conversation was so long that Spike's bladder had filled up again and he had to pee quite badly. He could still hold it though, it wasn't every day that a pony actually took an interest in him and he wanted to savor it.

"I am so sorry,"said Twilight, "How did we get here so fast? This is where I'm staying in ponyville and my poor baby dragon needs to use the potty."

"No I don't -" Spike began, before realising his mistake.

With his bladder so full, the curse that made him pee when he lied activated without mercy, Making him pee uncontrollably all over Twilight's back.

Twilight smirked. Maybe next time Spike wouldn't make such a big deal when she had an accident.

Spike shuddered in relief and embarassment as his bladder rapidly deflated.

"Aww, wook at dat, he couldn't even hold his widdle bwadder!"

"Poor thing," said Fluttershy, "Speaking of which, can I use your bathroom I mean if you don't mind."

Twilight wasn't listening because she also had to pee and was determined to go inside as soon as possible to use the bathroom herself, and if she had been listening she wouldn't have heard anyway because of the loud hissing noise Spike made with his uncontrolled urination.

Twilight burst into the library and slammed the door in Fluttershy's face, causing her to wet herself, but Twilight didn't notice.

"Huh. Rude much?" Asked Spike.

"Sorry, Spike, but I have to pee very badly and also find a way to convince Celestia that nightmare moon is real so that she'll overlook the thousands of bits of 'water' damage I caused to the castle." Said Twilight, "Now where's the light?"

The lights suddenly flicked on and dozens of ponies yelled 'Surprise.'

Twilight's bladder gave out and a torrent of pee cascaded down to the floor.

"Surprise!" Yelled the pink mare from earlier, "My name is Pinkie Pie and I threw this party just for you. Where you surprised? Were ya? I can tell you're surprised because you peed eeeeverywhere! Sometimes I get really excited and then I pee everywhere too! My doctor says I have an overactive bladder, but he says that about every part of my body, so what does he know?"

Pinkie started peeing so her friend wouldn't feel embarassed, and also because she was excided and she always peed when she was excited!

"I was very surprised." Said Twilight, "Libraries are supposed to be quiet! And dry!"

Spike rolled his eyes at that assertion, already looking for a mop.

"Pinkie, can we please use the bathroom now?"Asked one of the ponies in the crowd. "You made us all wait just in case so that none of us would be in the bathroom when she arrived, but it's been five hours and we really need to go!"

The other ponies squirmed and crossed their legs. "I can't take it anymore!" Yelled somepony in the back before a loud hissing noise could be heard followed by splashing. In cascade failure, the other ponies bladders began to release one after another until their puddles merged to cover the entire floorspace of the library, converting the staircase into a new waterfeature.

Spike returned from the laundry with a mop. "Oh come on!" He exclaimed in anguish.

~~~~~

Once most of the urine had been cleaned up, the party continued. All of the food at the party was unreasonably spicy, which lead to the ponies drinking obscene amounts of water. It was all according to plan though, since their bladders would need to be full for the summer sun celebration in the morning.

Twilight accidently drank some very spicy hotsauce thinking it was beer and ran upstairs to pour water in her mouth. Afterwards she lay on the bed attempting to recover.

"Hey Twilight!" Said Spike, "What are you doing laying on that bed? I haven't put a mattress protector on it yet!"

"No." Said Twilight, "A mattress protector is just a diaper that you put on a bed, you can forget it!"

"I thought you wanted Celestia to forgive you for the massive amount of property damage you caused?" Said Spike, "A good start would be not ruining this mattress. And besides, it's the eve of the Summer Sun celebration. Everypony is drinking so much that they can't go to sleep for fear of wetting the bed! So get up!"

Eventually Spike gave up and went back to the party, almost immediately though, the music stopped. It was time to go to the celebration.

"Ugh," Said Twilight, "here I thought I'd have time to research the elements of harmony but, silly me, all this peeing has kept me from it!"

Spike re-entered the room.

"C'mon Twilight,"said Spike, "We have to hurry up and get to the celebration so we can fill up Celestia's fountain of youth. You don't want to have an accident on the way there like last time do you?"

~~~~~

"Isn't this exciting?" Pinkie Pie gushed verbally rather than urethrally, "Are you excited, 'cause I'm excited, I've never been so excited- well, except for that time I met you, but I don't want to pee myself today so really, how can I can top that?"

Dropplets of urine were escapping the hyperactive mare's hyperactive bladder, but the majority of her precious pee was still locked away.

"Fillies and Gentlecolts," An anouncement came from the mayor on a balcony, "it is my great peasure to announce that the summer sun celebration will soon be officially open and thus you can all finally use the special latrines that have been prepared."

Ponies cheered, but their exuberance was restrained by how badly they all needed to pee and the hazards of jostling their precariously filled bladders.

"In just a few moments, the Princess will arrive and grant you all permission relieve yourselves." The mayor continued, "It's my great honor to introduce, the ruler of your land, she of the cast iron bladder, the pony who gives us the sun and moon every day, the good, the wise, the granter of bathroom passes, Princess pee- I mean Princess Celestia!"

The politician's speech skill was high enough that she was reasonablly sure that none of the assembled ponies had noticed that she had accidentally said the wrong thing because she needed to pee so badly while giving the speech.

"Huh?" Asked Rarity.

Ponies began shuffling their hooves nervously. They were very desperate to relieve themselves and so could not stand still.

Twilight nearly cried as her bladder throbbed. "This can't be good."

"Remain calm everypony, " said the mayor, "I'm sure there's a reasonable pee- I mean explanation for this."

Rarity was unbelievibly desperate, but she kept up her poise nonetheless. She poked her head behind the curtain to see where Celestia should have been waiting to emerge on cue.

"She's gone!" Exclaimed Rarity.

"Ooh, ooh!" Pinkie raised her hoof as if anwering a question, "Maybe she had to take a bathroom break?"

Everypony in the room groaned in annoyance at the stupid joke that remined them all of their own predicaments.

A cloud of purple mist entered the building and took the form of a large black alicorn in cobalt armor.

"Oh, my beloved subjects. It's been so long since I've seen your precious little sun-loving faces." The black alicorn tried to sound menacing, but honestly she was struggling to not pee herself on the stage. She had just returned from the moon, and there were no bathrooms on the moon, so she had been holding it for 1000 years.

"What did you do with our Princess?" Asked Rainbow Dash jumping towards the black alicorn.

Applejack grabbed her tail though and recieved an accidental spurt of urine to the face from Rainbow Dash's overtaxed bladder.

"Why, am I not royal enough for you?" Asked the alicorn, "Don't you know who I am? Did you not recall the legend? Did you not see the signs?"

"I did," Said Twilight, "And I know you you are, the Mare in the Moon - Nightmare Moon!"

Ponies all gasped, several of them losing their tenuous hold on their bladders and collapsing in puddles of shame and relief.

"Well well well," said Nightmare Moon, "somepony who remembers me. Then you know why I'm here."

"Youre here to... to..." Twilight stammered because her bladder was too full for coherent thought.

"Remember this day, little ponies, for it was your last. From this moment forth, the night will last forever!"

A thunder clap sounded at the end of her sentence, pushing the remaining ponies still holding on to their dignity to wet themselves in terror. The puddle grew at an astonishing rate.

"W-what are you all doing?" Asked Nightmare Moon, "This isn't normal! You're all freaks!"

Nightmare Moon turned into mist and left the building before her thousand year bladder could be added to the puddle. She at least, had standards.

To be continued...

