Translation of a story I found on a German forum

Author: idkjustsomeguy

*000*2021-01-06 13:19

(Go to the ### below if you want to skip straight to the story)

Hello everyone, this is my first post here. Although English is my only native language, I have learned others, and I speak German proficiently as a second language. As such, I occasionally look for written omorashi material in German (y'know, because I've read enough English-language stuff that I keep coming across the same things again and again). I found this story a while back on a website called klogeschichten.net ("toiletstories.net"), and it's called "Ein Fetisch zum Erweitern", which is German for "A Fetish to be Explored". I quite enjoyed it, so I thought I'd translate it into English and share it here. I did the translation because I enjoy translating things for fun anyway, but I figured there'd be some people here who'd appreciate the odd opportunity to consume material produced in a language they don't speak.

I've included the translation below. I've left footnotes down the bottom (marked with [numbers] in the body text) where I've translated something to do with pee, omorashi etc. in a way which is markedly different from how it's expressed in the original text. This is a necessary part of translation so I haven't marked all the instances where this occurs, I've just pointed out the examples relevant to what we're all reading it for since it's cool to know how desperation and the like is talked about in other languages. Literal translations of these sentences (that I didn't use in the body text because they don't sound natural in English) are included after the story.

Disclaimer: I am not a native speaker of German. If there are any actual Germans who think I've translated something wrong, please let me know! You never stop learning a language and I'd love to know how to do it better for next time. Anyway, the story's below.

The original version can be found here: https://www.klogeschichten.net/viewtopic.php?t=3703

###

Lilly and Vicky were sitting on the couch, watching a movie. They were distracted, however—they were also having fun with their fetish. They took turns telling each other about what they found so hot about “going in their pants”, and what things they’d tried. While Vicky was describing a particularly hot experience of hers, Lilly couldn’t stop staring at her increasingly wet vagina. Naturally, this did not go unnoticed, and Vicky called her out on it. “Now, forgive me if I’m wrong, but have you been staring between my legs this whole time?” she asked her friend. Lilly immediately went beet red, but shyly answered bashfully, “Yes…”

“Sorry, you just turn me on so much…” She responded with an excuse. “You don’t need to say sorry for that. I think you’re really hot too,” Vicky replied. “But I’d like to save the fun for this evening, if you don’t mind.”

They agreed, and Lilly stood up to go get something to drink. She came back with a grin on her face and a bottle of iced tea in her hand, and they both immediately started sipping away at it. In the process, they finished the movie.

…

By the time they’d reached the end credits, their bladders had started to make themselves known again, although the feeling wasn’t too strong yet. They agreed that they didn’t need to go to the toilet yet. They both grinned to themselves, secretly excited at the knowledge that they didn’t even intend on going to the toilet at all. Once it hit 2pm, they decided to take their bikes down to the nearby lake. Soon enough, their swimmers were already packed along with something to drink, and they headed out. Lilly rode her own bike down, and Vicky borrowed one from Lilly’s mum.

They rode down, their bladders steadily filling along the way [1]. They were both wearing their still-damp clothes from earlier. By the time they got to the lake, the two girls were struggling to contain their urine. In spite of this, however, they pulled their towels out, put them down on the ground, and laid down on them. Lilly hastily pulled off her t-shirt so she could get a nice tan going, and Vicky bit her lip as she tried to hold herself back from jumping her bones there and then.

As they were lying there, Vicky suddenly blurted out, “Lilly, I don’t think I can hold it much longer. I already need to go really bad. [2]" Lilly said back, “Ugh, Vicky, it’s getting pretty bad for me too [3], but I reckon we can hold on for a little longer together.”

Having said that, she turned over and lay on her stomach so she could tan her back. Vicky rolled over and tried to get comfortable too, which wasn’t easy on a full bladder. Eventually she found a position she could hold for a bit, where she could keep putting off her need to pee. It was a beautiful sight to behold for every man walking past: Two young girls lying in the green grass, presenting their gorgeous asses to the world. Anyone looking closely could also tell that one of the girls was a little bit uncomfortable.

Almost like she was absolutely dying for a wee. But it was more than that. Vicky’s bladder was about to explode, but she was so turned on that she could still hold it all inShe wasn’t alone in her predicament, however [4]. Lilly had also developed a rather pressing need to piss. So, they both decided that it was time to relieve themselves. Because there were a lot of people around, they looked for another place to tend to their needs. Their gaze fell on a tiny little path, with not a person in sight. However, as soon as they stood up, it became clear that that would be a problem.

Vicky’s bladder was so full now, that it was almost impossible for her to stand up. Of course, she immediately mentioned this to her friend. “Lilly, I seriously can’t hold it anymore. If I stand up, it’s going to come out [5]," she said. “Well, you should just go here then, in your pants,” Lilly said playfully, as she stood up and put her t-shirt back on. Vicky didn’t need to be told twice. Without so much as even moving her towel to the side, she closed her eyes, and relaxed.

Instantaneously, it started pouring out of her. Anyone looking her way would have clearly been able to see her crotch darken, a dark spot visible in the middle. It hissed and bubbled out of her pants and formed a puddle at her feet. Her urine was shooting out of her so hard, it looked like it was never going to end [6]. It flowed through the denim of her jeans, soaking it through. Vicky lay there, frozen in place, enjoying the intense feeling of relief, as well as the feeling of her drenched jeans clinging to her body. She had released an absolute ocean of urine that now sat under her ass, and she just lay there in it. A few people walking past shot them disgusted glances, but the girls didn’t care. Finally, her stream ended and Vicky woke up from her trance and returned to reality.

Suddenly, Lilly couldn’t hold it anymore either. Watching her friend deliberately pissing her pants was too much for her. While Vicky was still basking in the relief of emptying her own bladder, pee started dripping out of Lilly’s pants too. She couldn’t hold it anymore, and started pissing. Her stream suddenly burst through her pants, completely soaking them. Since she was only wearing shorts, her pee immediately started running down her legs. She also earned herself a couple of grossed-out glances from passers-by. But Lilly didn’t notice them. Not at all. She just stood there, legs pressed together, and emptied the entire contents of her bladder into her hotpants. Her stream seemed like it was never going to end [7], and her pants were completely soaked through. When she was finally finished, she moaned in relief and opened her eyes. The puddles of both girls had merged into a single, giant sea of pee.

“Aaaah, that felt good,” Lilly whispered.

“Damn right it did,” replied Vicky, as she rose up out of the sea of urine.

Once they’d snapped out of their trance, they hastily packed up their things and walked back to their bikes.

Originally, the girls had wanted to take a piss secretly, out of view of the public, but through this experience they’d now taken a liking to public wetting too, and already wanted to explore their fetish even more.

###

[1] “While they rode down, the pressure in their bladders grew stronger and stronger.”

[2] “It’s already pressing so urgently.”

[3] “It’s already pressing pretty hard for me too”

[4] “However, she wasn’t alone in her pee emergency.”

[5] “If I stand up, it’s going to flow out on its own.”

[6] “If I stand up, it’s going to flow out on its own.”

[7] “The stream seemed like it absolutely did not want to stop.”

*002*2021-01-09 12:55

I just had a read through some of those stories, there's some gold in there. Thanks heaps for the recommendation! I didn't know about that site.

I appreciate the kind words too. It's nice to hear from a German that my translation is adequate :)

