Jess and John: Tight Schedule

Author: InsideVoice

*000*2021-03-15 23:15

Jess Simons drove hurriedly down the barren road without much awareness of her surroundings. The young woman had long since become numb to the wasteland that stretched out for miles in any direction with seemingly no end in sight; she’d been driving it for too long now. The muted grey skies, though they didn’t add any interest to her surroundings, heralded the continuation of winter and for weeks now the temperatures had been steadily dropping, leaving the days cold and the nights bitter and biting. Chewing her lip nervously, her eyes darted to her phone as she checked her map for the tenth time in the last few minutes, as if the endless stretch of road before her had changed and she was suddenly lost.

Of course she knew where she was, there was really only one direction to go at the moment. The reason she kept checking her map was to see how far she was from returning to civilization. A chill ran down her arms as a huge wave of pressure from her lower abdomen quaked through her. Jess needed to pee, and very soon. Unfortunately, unless she was willing to squat on the side of the road (which at this point, she still wasn’t), she still had to wait a while longer. It was going to be a bit close, but she was sure she would make it from here. As the road continued on without end, Jess sighed shortly and readjusted in her seat. The pressure in her bladder was only getting worse with each second that sluggishly passed. She silently cursed how she’d ended up in this situation.

See, Jess had recently found herself out of a job. Since college, she hadn’t been able to find a full-time, steady job. She was nearly 26 now and had been working part-time or contract positions for years. Most recently, she had been contracting with a media production company as their social media liaison, but that contract had unfortunately come to an end three weeks ago. She had submitted tons of job applications for months before the end of her last job but none of them had resulted in any offers so far. While she was out of work and waiting for one of her applications to yield a result, she had taken to driving for Uber to make a little extra money so she didn’t have to dip so deep into her nest egg.

Jess was actually a naturally very social person so she quite enjoyed chatting with passengers that she ferried around between nearby towns. Sometimes they weren’t very talkative so she’d put on music of their request, but she had also had some fascinating and fun conversations. She was enjoying that aspect of her work so much that she’d actually taken to driving people longer distances with little hesitation. But today that had landed her an hour away from her home town in the more rural part of the surrounding area. She had driven a sweet old woman named Caroline home from a doctor’s appointment in town, rather surprised that absolutely no one from her family was there to drive her home. It had been a long drive, but she was willing to do it to make the woman’s day just a bit brighter, and the conversation had been delightful as well.

Unfortunately for Jess, she had picked up Caroline right after she’d finished lunch with her best friend Amy. While she had used the bathroom at the restaurant before she’d left, all the tea and water she’d had at lunch hadn’t managed to work its way through her system at that point and, about halfway to Caroline’s destination, Jess’s bladder had begun to complain from the rather noticeably. Once they had arrived, Jess was really starting to need the restroom quite badly, but felt a bit too awkward to ask she could come in and pee. For how sweet she had been, Caroline probably would have been happy to oblige and let Jess use her bathroom, but she just hadn’t felt comfortable enough to ask. For how social she was, it was sometimes a bit difficult to admit her need to pee to someone much older than her. Perhaps it was their difference in age or experience, or leftover anxiety from her school days as a kid.

Shifting uncomfortably in her seat, the young woman took a steadying breath to calm her nerves and her bladder. She’d been in tight spots before, but this was shaping up to be a tough wait. While there wasn’t much between here and home, there was a large Walmart about two-thirds of the way home. Normally she wouldn’t want to use the bathrooms at a place like that. Her experiences with department store bathrooms weren’t good; they were usually unsanitary at best and disgusting at worst. Jess didn’t have much luxury of choice in this particular case though. Which is why when her phone sounded a soft alert, her mind came up with a new plan.

Someone had just pinged for a ride to the airport, which was in her home town. She actually had to pass by it to get home anyway, so it made sense to pick this person up and take them on her way home. While it was a little out of her way to pick this customer up, they were closer to her than Walmart was. She could pick them up, explain the situation, and hope that they’d allow her to use their restroom before they set off. It wasn’t a guarantee of getting to pee, but most people she met in her life were kind and she hoped they might take pity on her, even if they wouldn’t normally make an exception.

That did mean Jess would have to admit her desperate need to her customer before they started their drive. Maybe if there was someplace between her current location and her customer’s house, she would just stop and pee then. But she did need the money and didn’t want to risk someone else picking up her customer if she could avoid it. And for now, she could still wait, albeit uncomfortably. If the customer wouldn’t let her pee though, things would get dicey in a hurry. But she wasn’t all that sure she’d actually make it all the way to Walmart anyway as her bladder kept angrily protesting the liquid inside her, so this was a bit safer a bet. Cursing herself for getting into this situation, Jess took the next exit off the small highway and started heading north. She would arrive at her pickup in about ten minutes. Hopefully she’d have peed in fifteen.

###

Jess was stunned as she approached her destination. She was currently driving up a large hill towards the house her customer lived in. House wasn’t quite the right word though; it was titanic in size, more like a mansion or a compound. It took up most of the skyline as she approached it, its dazzling decor reflecting the muted light of the sky above. Wondering what kind of rich person she was about to pick up, she followed the winding road up the hill until she arrived at the driveway.

Standing at the end of that driveway was a tall man in a smart black suit, a small suitcase sitting on the ground next to him. His black hair was neatly styled and swept to one side and he kept glancing at his watch. As she got closer, Jess noticed more about his outfit. The purple undershirt he worse was unbuttoned two from the collar, his tie was nonexistent (though more likely than not it was in his luggage) and his shoes sparkled as light glinted off their freshly polished surfaces.

He looked important and well put together. Jess took a deep breath and tried to calm her nerves again. He was very attractive, and didn’t look to be much older than her. Could she really admit that she needed to pee as badly as she did to this person? Would he look down on her as disgusting or ugly? She shook her head, quelling that little voice of social anxiety. She didn’t have much of a choice but to admit her desperate need at this point. And besides, it may have been a bit conceited, but Jess didn’t expect him to think she was disgusting or ugly.

She was average in her height, about 5’5” with long brown hair that was a bit naturally wavy. Long ago she had taken to consistently going to the gym and had made it a several-times-a-week routine of hers, leaving her body in great physical condition. And she wasn’t dressed like a slob or anything; in fact, she had dressed up a bit for her lunch date with Amy, deciding on a pair or tight black jeans (which she had unbuttoned after dropping off Caroline) and a snug blue sweater to keep her warm. She was fairly pleased with the way she looked and this man probably wouldn’t think of her as ugly. But she did wonder if he’d judge her for asking to use his restroom, given the evident disparity between their social standing…

Glancing at the phone as she slowed the car into a full stop, Jess noticed the customer’s name on the app was John Marshal. She had a feeling that the name Marshal was familiar to her, but couldn’t quite place it. Rolling down the window, she leaned as much as she could without straining her bladder any further (which wasn’t very far) and called out to him. “John Marshal?”

“Yes, that’s me,” he responded in a calm but confident voice. His deeper voice sent shivers down her arms that had nothing to do with her full bladder this time.

“I’m Jess, your Uber driver. I’m here to take you to the airport in town,” she offered, managing as much enthusiasm as she could. John smiled at her.

“Nice to meet you Jess, I’m glad you’re here. My flight was rescheduled to a much earlier time by my company without much warning so I’m pretty under the gun here. I’d like to head out right now, would you prefer my luggage in the back seat with me or in the trunk?”

Jess hesitated for a moment. He was in a hurry. Now she felt too bad to ask if she could use his restroom. But could she really make it all the way to town? She wasn’t even sure she would’ve made it to the Walmart she’d been counting on before, but with a hurried passenger, would she be able to stop again if she really needed to? She had to deal with the situation at hand first though.

“The trunk is fine, here, let me help you with that,” she offered, putting the car in park, popping the trunk, and opening her door, meeting him at the rear of the car. Feeling suddenly inadequate about her modest Honda Accord sitting in front of this enormous mansion, Jess wondered briefly where his own cars were and why he didn’t just drive to the airport himself. Pushing those thoughts away, Jess offered to take her customer’s bag, but John, to his credit, lifted his own luggage instead and placed it in the bed of the trunk, reaching for the lid.

“Oh, let me,” Jess insisted, reaching up and closing the trunk. The motion caused her bladder to spasm lightly though and she winced and twisted on the spot for just a moment. It wasn’t subtle enough, evidently, that John hadn’t noticed.

“Are you okay Jess?”

“Yes, I’m fine!” she offered with a bit too much enthusiasm. He would never believe that. Her bladder pulsed angrily again and Jess decided right then that she just couldn’t wait all that way to the airport. She would have to swallow her pride.

“Actually, no I’m not. I’m sorry if this is awkward, but I need to use the restroom, really badly honestly. I was hoping maybe I could use yours before we left?” Though she usually wasn’t that shy about needing to pee, Jess couldn’t fight down the blush that dusted her cheeks as she admitted her desperate need to the handsome stranger, but did manage to fight the urge to twist around on the spot.

John glanced at his watch nervously. “Normally I wouldn’t mind, but it’s already 4 o’clock and my flight leaves at 5:30. If I’m lucky I’ll get there just in time to rush through security and board, so I really have to leave right now, I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you though, I’ll pay you much bigger tip than you’re used to getting if you can get me there on time. It’s very important that I don’t miss this flight.”

Jess looked crestfallen for a moment and she saw the pity in his eyes, but she snapped back into good spirits quickly. “Of course, I understand. It’s not your fault I’m in this situation anyway. I’ll just have to grin and bear it for a bit longer, don’t worry!”

John looked for a moment like he might say something, but seemed to decide against it. Jess hurried back to the driver’s seat, giving herself a quick and subtle squeeze between her legs while she was out of his line of sight before sitting back down and pressing her thighs together tightly. John closed the back seat door and settled in.

As Jess started the car again, John decided to speak up, probably the thought he’d been debating on a few moments ago. “Are you sure you can make it?”

Jess blushed noticeably and was glad he couldn’t see her face from his vantage point. “Absolutely!” she lied convincingly this time. John nodded his acceptance and with that, Jess popped the car into drive and set off, nervously gauging her bladder. She was really full, to a point that if she hadn’t been trapped in a situation like this, everything would’ve taken a backseat to finding a place to relieve herself. As it stood though, John was relying on her to make his flight in time. And she really could use the extra money. Deciding things would be fine, but not truly convinced of that fact, Jess focused on the road ahead of her and began to drive.

###

John had stayed quiet and been typing intently on his phone for the entire drive down the large hill that led to his house which meant Jess had nothing to distract her from her overly full bladder. All she could do was sit silently and squirm while her passenger sent undoubtedly important messages. He seemed like an influential person in whatever world he was a part of that she could only imagine. A particularly wicked emanated from her bladder, almost like an invisible hand had gripped it and squeezed it tightly like a softball, and she pressed her thighs as closely together as she could while still keeping her right foot on the gas pedal. If she made it to a toilet at all, it was going to be with just seconds to spare…

Hearing the unmistakable click of a phone screen being locked, Jess chanced a glance into the rear-view mirror and saw John close his eyes for a moment and rub the bridge of his nose before taking a deep breath. He seemed like he was pretty stressed out. So was Jess obviously, but she could still try to keep her passenger in good spirits. It might even be a good distraction for herself as well.

“Rough time with work?” she asked casually. Her charge let out a low chuckle.

“You could say that. I’m a partner at Marshal and Co. across town.”

Jess sputtered for a moment. “Marshal and Co.? That giant mega-corporation that’s responsible for funding most of the town I live in? That Marshal and Co.?” So that was why she had recognized his last name earlier.

John smiled lightly in the mirror. “Yes, that’s the one.”

She was pulled from her conversation by another wave of pressure in her bladder. Her body stiffened and her thighs trembled as she squeezed them even harder together. Her eyes darted to the phone and she was dismayed to see it would still be nearly an hour to the airport. It was so difficult to find any relief without squeezing herself with her hand, but she couldn’t do that in front of her new passenger. It was entirely unprofessional…and she wanted to make a good impression on him anyway. Taking a calming breath, she shook off the urgency she felt for the time being and tried to focus on John Marshal instead.

“Wow that’s incredible. Were you some kind of young prodigy or something? I don’t mean to assume but you look like you’re around the same age as I am so you must have done something right.” A quick laugh sounded from John again, this one a bit louder.

“If being born lucky is something I did right, I guess you could say that. Honestly, my father owns the company. I haven’t done anything in my life to have really earned the position I have. It’s not like I haven’t worked hard for what I have now, but I was just born into a family that was already rich and powerful and that’s been my biggest success in life, really. But you’re right, by the way. I’m 27.”

“Hey the fact that you’ve managed to find this level of security at 27 is amazing to me. I’m almost 26 and driving for Uber because nobody ever wants to hire me full time so I just bounce between contracts and part time gigs.”

Jobs weren’t the only thing that Jess was bouncing at the moment though. Her left leg was jiggling up and down incessantly, trying desperately to keep the fierce pressure in her lower abdomen at bay. It was only somewhat working. Her bladder kept filling up somehow. They had only been driving for 10 minutes and Jess was starting to panic, thinking she’d never make it all the way to a bathroom. But she chewed her lip, squeezed her thighs, and took a calming breath to get her nerves under control again. She just had to hold it. There were no other options right now. She would not pee her pants in front of this man.

“I’m sorry nobody wants to hire you full time. I know I’ve only known you a short few minutes, but you seem like a delight.”

Jess felt her heart leap and smiled involuntarily. “Thank you, that’s very nice of you to say!”

“You’ve certainly made my drive a lot more enjoyable than my usual ones already. The company just stuffs me in limos and I keep myself company from my home to the airport for trips like these. Having a real person to talk to is a big difference, especially since you’re so much fun to talk to.”

A genuine smile stole Jess’s face. “That’s so sweet of you! I’m glad you’re enjoying your time at Jess’s Layman Limo Service. For just $19.99 per month you can join our basic package program and have up to three Layman Limo rides a month at a discounted price!”

John laughed from behind her. “You know I work for Marshal and Co. and you’re only going to charge me $19.99 per month?? How generous of you!”

“Hey, I’m just trying to make ends meet with solid business practices. If you think they’re fair, then maybe other people will too!”

“I’ll be sure to spread the word when you start your own ride share company then! If everyone you hire is as good at this as you are, then you’ll have a very successful business!”

“I’ll definitely keep that advice in mind! So how come you wound up so late to your flight if your company usually takes care of transportation?”

John sighed heavily. “We actually have quite a few executives traveling today and they double booked the limos. That by itself wouldn’t have been a problem, even if it is a bit aggravating. But one of the employees who schedules our flights accidentally canceled mine by mistake.”

“Oh no, that’s not good…”

“No it’s not. Originally my flight was at 8 o’clock tonight, which would have given me plenty of time. But after they accidentally canceled it, the seat filled up immediately. So they had to book me on an earlier flight last minute that I absolutely couldn’t afford to miss, with no plan for how to get me there.”

Jess was becoming more and more frantic about her lack of a plan to get herself to a restroom in time. It had been some time since she’d found herself in such a dire situation. But she’d just have to keep holding it. Luckily her conversation with John was providing a good distraction and keeping her entertained at the same time, so she was happy to continue it.

“What’s taking you out of town? If you don’t mind my asking of course,” Jess was happy to continue the conversation; it kept her mind off of her desperate desire to pee and on her new passenger.

“Not at all! A business partner and myself are negotiating a huge production deal with another company this evening. We mostly have the details ironed out, but there are a few pivotal points we need them to come around on. So we’re going there in person as a show of good faith in hopes that they’ll be more open to our requests.”

“Wow, that sounds like a lot of responsibility.”

“It’s not so bad once you’re used to it, but it did scare the hell out of me the first time I had to do something like that,” John admitted, earning a light chuckle from Jess. Something suddenly occurred to her though.

“Just out of curiosity, why not just drive yourself out to the airport instead of taking an Uber?”

“My car is in for repairs right now, the starter was having problems recently and the other day it just stopped working.”

“You don’t just have a second car you could use?” Jess was grinning widely and hoping he’d realize she was teasing him.

John seemed to understand from her tone and played along immediately. “Just how rich do you think I am??”

“Rich enough.”

“Okay, okay, that’s fair enough.” A grin appeared on his face that Jess spied in the rear view mirror.

In moments, Jess and John were both laughing together. “But actually, no I don’t have a second car. I only need the one, so I don’t want to just buy another for almost no reason. You could make an argument that it would have saved me today, but then I wouldn’t be able to enjoy such wonderful conversation with you!”

The two couldn’t help but smile again, the genuinely fun conversation invigorating both of them. Suddenly though, Jess’s bladder contracted forcefully, causing her to yelp involuntarily and squeeze her legs together as hard as she could. It had caught her completely by surprise, that one. And that moment hadn’t gone unnoticed by her passenger.

“That’s right, before we left you said you really needed the restroom. Are you holding up okay? I’m sorry I rushed you before.” There was sympathy in John’s voice that caused her to blush a bit but thankfully he couldn’t really see her face from the back seat. For how much she usually didn’t care if someone knew she needed to pee, for some reason she felt awkward that John knew she was so uncomfortable. Jess decided she’d try to play it off though before he noticed she was embarrassed.

“I’m doing fine for now. I went to high school and I’ve worked retail before, I know how to hold on for a long time if I have to.” As if testing those words, Jess assessed her bladder.

She was extremely full now. If she’d needed to go this badly in high school and her teacher had told her no, she would have just left the room and peed anyway rather than risk wetting herself. The difference was there was no bathroom to ignore the teacher and run to and her situation was going from desperate to urgent. She was in the middle of absolutely nowhere with no other option than to keep pushing forward. According to her map, there were still 40 minutes until they arrived at the airport. This was going to be so close. John spoke again and interrupted her racing thoughts.

“I can’t say I’ve ever had to work retail, but I do remember high school. There were plenty of days I would really need to go but be told to wait. After I would finish classes like that, I would very nearly sprint to the bathroom. Some days I couldn’t go until lunch and I was about to pop.”

Jess clicked her tongue and offered an exaggerated sigh. “Oh John, you haven’t felt urgency until you’ve been about to pop at lunch but the lines for the restrooms are so long you just don’t get to go. Then your teachers for the rest of the day tell you you’re not allowed to go either and how you should have gone at lunch. There were days I can’t even begin to explain how I didn’t just burst before that last bell rang. But then you have to roll the dice on if there will be a line after school and you’ll have to wait longer. Usually I was close enough to the restrooms at the end of the day that I could quite literally sprint there and make it just in time. But if there had been huge lines after school at that point, I don’t know what I would’ve done!”

Though Jess was a bit embarrassed admitting her need to John before, she was surprisingly comfortable telling stories like this. It was nice to know he could relate to the situation she was in (and it was a bit fun to tease him about the difference in their experiences). It was also helping to distract her from the ever-growing pressure in her bladder.

“Being a woman sounds difficult for a lot of reasons, but the lines for the ladies’ room has always been something I don’t envy.”

Jess scoffed. “Tell me about it. I went to a concert once and held it for the entire show, but afterwards I had to go so bad. But the lines were so long I honestly thought I’d just pee my pants on the spot. But my friend knew of another bathroom on the other side of the venue that most people were too lazy to go to and we hurried over. There was still a line, but it was much shorter. And the women in the line could tell I literally couldn’t hold on any longer and let me cut the line and go first. I got so lucky that night. I was panicking.”

“That does sound terrible. The worst I can think of was during a long flight I fell asleep and when I woke up the seat belt sign was on. I usually really have to go when I first wake up and all the complimentary water I’d had wasn’t doing me any favors either. I went to use the bathroom anyway but the flight attendant told me I had to stay seated and made me sit back down. It was pretty rough waiting that one out, it must have taken about 45 minutes until I could get up and go.”

John spoke so casually about those moments that Jess couldn’t help but a smile a bit. It was nice that he was comfortable talking to her like this too. Of course, perhaps he just didn’t embarrass easily…or maybe he was trying to make her feel better about her current predicament. It was pretty obvious at a glance how badly Jess needed to go. She decided to tell more stories to distract John from watching her and realizing how close to an accident she really was.

“I hate that feeling. I was working at Target once and nobody would come relieve me at the register for hours. I was squirming and dancing around on the spot, customers were asking if I was okay, and I was practically begging my supervisor to send someone to cover me. By the time they finally did, I was just about to flood those tan pants you have to wear. Thank god there was no one in line for the restroom that time.”

“Sounds like you’re no stranger to some close calls. What happened today?”

“I had a lot to drink at lunch with my best friend and then drove a lovely old woman back home, which took me way out of town. But that did put me in the area to pick you up!”

“And I’m incredibly thankful that you did! I might still make my flight on time…”

“I’ll do my best to get you there!”

Jess was more focused on doing her best to hold her achingly full bladder at the moment though. Her legs were shaking and her grip on the steering wheel was tight, her knuckles turning a bit white from the force she was squeezing the leather grip with. Every second meant she was closer to relief, but her body was rapidly reaching its limit. If she had been wearing those tan Target pants today, she really might flood them this time. This was bordering on the worst she’d ever needed to pee in her entire life. No class in high school, no shift in retail, none of them even compared to how close she was to exploding right now. The only time she’d ever needed to go worse was the concert she’d almost burst after. But with a bit more time, this might easily become even more dire…

###

Fifteen minutes later, Jess was starting to really panic. Sweat was starting to bead on her forehead, her breathing was shallow, and her body was very tense. The death grip she held the steering wheel in was immovable, her legs squeezed so tightly together it was as if her thighs were a vice grip. Her left leg bounced without end and her teeth were clenched as her eyes darted between the map, the time estimate, and the road ahead of her. Jess Simons was in an extremely tight spot.

Her conversation with John had hit a natural pause about five minutes ago as he had needed to attend to some business on his phone, but without his sonorous voice to distract her, all she could do was think about how desperately she needed to pee. If she relaxed her body even the tiniest bit, Jess was afraid she’d flood her pants and her seat. Chewing her lip anxiously, she noticed that the Walmart she had originally planned to stop at on the way home was only five minutes away. She might be able to make it there. But she’d have to pull off the highway and stop, risking John missing his important flight. As she weighed her options, a tiny trickle of pee tried to force its way out of the iron hold she had on her bladder. Her eyes widened and she squeaked involuntarily as she shifted desperately and pressed her thighs even more tightly together. It looked like her body was going to make the choice for her.

“Um, John, uh, I really need to stop up ahead. There’s a-a Walmart and I really feel like I might pee my pants if I don’t get to use the restroom fast. I really, really have to stop in five minutes, I’m s-so sorry.” She was stammering and repeating herself from the overwhelming panic and need to pee she was experiencing. Hoping she would just make it through the door to the department store before she soaked herself, Jess tensed every muscle in her body in an effort to hold on. She couldn’t even cross her legs while she was driving, a fact she deeply lamented at the moment. John spoke up, gently but directly.

“Jess, the messages I was just responding to were about the meeting I’m flying out to have. That business partner I mentioned earlier suddenly isn’t able to make it due to a family health emergency, so I’ll be trying to negotiate this deal all on my own. I absolutely cannot miss this flight and I’ll already be cutting it very close as it is. Hold on for just twenty more minutes for me and I promise the second we get to the airport, I’ll show you to the closest restroom. I know the place inside and out. I’ll make sure you get to go, I promise. But I really can’t afford the kind of time that stop will take.”

“John I-I don’t think it’s a…a choice anymore. I’ve got a couple minutes left, maybe, before I just explode. This is an absolute emergency!” Her voice was quick and panicked, higher pitched and louder than usual.

“I know, and I’m so sorry you’re stuck here like this. But Jess I really need you to get me to that flight on time, you’re the only one I can count on now after my own people let me down earlier. Just hold on for me. Just a little while longer. It’s only a few more minutes and I promise I’ll help you find the bathroom just as soon as we’re there.”

“I’ll…I’ll try,” she managed, her upper lip starting to sweat ad she squeezed everything tighter still.

A few moments later the Walmart came into view. It was all Jess could do not to whimper and whine and pull off the barren highway and into the last bastion of civilization for the next several miles. As they passed the exit to the department store, Jess stifled a groan of frustration. There went her last bathroom until the airport. Her last chance to use the toilet and relieve herself of this miserable pressure. But she told John she’d get him to the airport and that’s what she would do. Would she make it in time though…?

###

With about ten minutes left until they arrived at the airport, Jess was in real trouble. Her body was shaking, her exhausted thighs trembled from squeezing together so hard, her muscles worn out from clenching tight with everything she had for nearly an hour now. She had been terribly desperate for so long that she couldn’t remember what it felt like for her bladder to be empty. This was her life now: an impossibly full bladder and nowhere to let it all go. The very attractive young man in her backseat made things worse too, otherwise she’d have long since shoved a hand between her legs and held on for dear life.

“We’re almost there Jess, just a little longer. Just keep holding it, you’re doing great.”

Speak of the devil. John was offering her some words of support and comfort, but all Jess could feel was stress and anxiety and pressure like she’d never felt in her life. This was officially it; Jess Simons had never needed to pee more badly than she did at this exact moment.

“I’m…I-I-I’m not doing g-great,” she stammered, thankful at least that there weren’t other cars around just yet. She could barely pay attention to the road, the intensity of her desperation driving everything else out of focus in her mind’s eye.

“Do anything you need to if it’ll help, you can make it. I’ll show you the restroom the second we stop.”

“I-I don’t think I’ll be able to…to walk,” she gasped between shivers and angry contractions from her bladder. There was sweat noticeably on her forehead now, but she didn’t dare wipe it away for fear that the motion might jostle her bladder to the point of no return.

“Don’t worry about that, for now just hang on a bit longer.”

“I’ve been hanging on! I can’t hang on any longer!” she squealed anxiously.

“Yes you can Jess. You’ve made it this far, you can make it to the bathroom, only five more minutes now. See? There’s the sign for the airport.”

“John, I’m about to piss myself right now! It’s about to come out! I can barely stop it!”

“Use your hand then, don’t stop yourself because I’m here. I won’t look, I promise. Just wait a little longer. You’re so close.”

His sonorous voice coaching Jess to hold it gave her shivers of a different kind again. She almost lost control right there from how turned on that thought made her, but there would time to dwell on that later. Forcing that thought out of her head, Jess threw all deference to the wind and jammed her left hand between her legs, reaching inside her unbuttoned jeans and squeezing tight, holding on with everything she had. The force from her hand stopped the imminent flow of pee from her excruciatingly full bladder, but of course the pressure didn’t abate. It couldn’t. She’d never had a bladder more full in all her life and there was nowhere for it to go…nowhere but out.

“Fuck, John, it’s barely helping! I can’t stop this for much longer!” Her voice was labored and short of breath, her words rushed and strung together.

“Just breathe Jess. You’re almost there. We can see the airport already. Your relief is almost here, I promise.”

“I can’t do it, I can’t do it!”

“Yes you can, just hold it in.”

“I’m going to explode!”

“Hold it in for me Jess.” His voice resonated confidently and made her tremble for a multitude of reasons.

Jess shivered and shook and clenched her teeth fiercely, willing her body to just endure a little more. She hadn’t peed her pants since she was a little kid. She’d had some close calls over the years, but she’d never hit the point of no return. But here she was, bladder so full all her body could do was try to force it to empty in her pants, no toilet in consideration. Her arms and legs were starting to sweat a bit too and her thighs were aching from squeezing so tightly.

Jess was only somewhat aware of the fact that she had turned into the airport entrance, finding a large parking lot with scattered cars here and there. Finally she had made it, but it wasn’t going to last for much longer. A trickle of pee escaped the death hold she had on herself and her eyes widened in shock and horror.

“It’s coming! It’s starting to come out! I can’t hold it anymore, I’m seriously starting to pee myself! This is my limit!”

A fierce spurt shot out of her, soaking into her panties and causing her left hand to become damp. Her face was red from the sheer effort of holding back the impending flood, and she tightened every muscle she had to hold on for just a bit longer, just long enough to stop the car. She’d never make it to the restroom, but maybe she could avoid soaking her seat. John spoke suddenly.

“Just stop the car here and go outside! It’ll be fine, trust me!”

Jess wouldn’t have agreed with something like that at any other point in her life, but she was so beyond frantic and desperate she was already starting to pee her pants. She managed a stifled squeak in response and hastily stopped the car across several parking spots and threw the gear shift into park. Another more powerful spurt blasted into her panties and hand, her jeans getting slightly damp this time.

Without another moment’s hesitation, Jess threw open the driver’s side door and jumped from the car, wrenching her pants and panties down to her knees and squatting down her back to the outside world. Pee exploded from her tortured bladder before she even settled fully into the squat, splashing her shoes a bit as she moved into position. Steaming liquid sprayed powerfully from between her legs and Jess felt dizzy from relief for a moment. She was still breathing hard and extremely tense, but she was finally peeing. She was finally letting it all out.

About halfway through, she realized there was a large shadow falling across her. Opening her eyes and glancing over her shoulder, she noticed that John had opened the rear driver’s side door as well to shield her from the right and now stood behind her, his suit jacket held low in his hands to block her lithe figure from prying eyes, effectively creating a little box for her. Jess actually thought the gesture was quite sweet but immediately lost all semblance of thought as the overwhelming relief sent chills and shivers down her arms and back. Her eyes rolled back and she closed them again, sighing heavily, fully embracing and losing herself to the feeling of incredible relief.

Jess had been peeing for nearly thirty seconds now, a fierce stream the entire time, but it was finally starting to slow. John was in awe of how much the woman had held in for so long, but didn’t turn his head to look at her. He had promised he wouldn’t look earlier and he would honor that promise till this ordeal was finished. Finally, Jess’s stream came to a stop and she sighed heavily again. Her body was trembling with relief and relaxation. It had never felt so good to just pee before. If she hadn’t known any better, she would’ve sworn she’d nearly climaxed just then.

Taking a few moments to catch her breath, Jess finally spoke to John with a much calmer and softer voice than before. “I’m okay now, I’m going to stand up.”

John said nothing but waited until she had pulled her panties and jeans back up before stepping away, putting his jacket back on, and turning to face her. Jess was blushing badly but smiled at him.

“Thank you for covering me like that.”

“It was the least I could do, you got me here in time for my flight and put yourself through such discomfort to do it. To think you were holding all for so long! I guess you really weren’t making it up earlier when you said I didn’t know what urgency really was.”

The two laughed together, Jess feeling relaxed for the first time since she’d met John earlier that day. She should be mortified. Ashamed. Embarrassed to ever show her face to him again. But she didn’t feel that way. Maybe it was just because she’d needed to pee so badly, but the relief and comfort she felt at this moment far outweighed any feeling of embarrassment. And John didn’t seem awkward about it, so why should be either?

“I do have to say, no matter what stories I told earlier, that was the absolute worst I’ve ever needed to pee in my entire life!”

The two laughed again, genuine smiles spreading across their faces. John reached into his jacket pocket and produced a small business card with some handwritten numbers on the back, offering it to Jess.

“What’s this?” she asked curiously.

“The first number is the office line for my personal assistant, Sophia Rian. We actually have a job opening right now in my office, a secretary position. Full time, long term, benefits, good starting salary, opportunities for promotion, the works.” Jess felt her eyes widen at his words. It was the kind of stability she’d only imagined having for years instead of hopping between part time gigs.

“We’re holding interviews right now but in-house recommendation always supersede outside applicants. What’s your full name Jess?”

The young woman had to remind herself to respond. She was overwhelmed by the information he was giving her. This could be a dream job.

“Jessica Simons.”

“Well then, I’m going to give Sophia a call on my way through the airport and tell her your name and that I am personally recommending you for the position.” Jess’s eyes lit up and she smiled widely at the taller man.

“Of course, you’ll still have to do the interview as a formality and to make sure Sophia is involved in the hiring process as well, but if I’m recommending you directly, the job will be yours. If you call her tomorrow she can probably have you in before the end of the week for the interview. I’ll be back in town early Saturday evening and you could start as soon as next Monday if you like.”

John’s warm smile washed over Jess like sunlight on a white beach. She couldn’t find the words to express her gratitude other than offering a simple, stammering, “t-thank you so much!”

He shook his head. “It’s the least I can do for you. You saved my life today Jess and I put you through hell to get here in time. I’d love to have you work with us, you’re incredibly dedicated to your work it seems!”

“I’ll call Sophia tomorrow then, thank you again so much!”

John smiled widely at her and began walking to the trunk and Jess, understanding, opened it quickly, He hoisted his bag from the car and pulled the handle up, straightening his jacket and turn to her once more.

“I have to run to make my flight on time, but thank you so much for getting me here, even at the expense of yourself. I’ll make it up to you.”

“You already have, this job offer is so much more than I could ask for.”

“You don’t have anything else to ask? Aren’t you curious what the second number is?” There was a playful grin on his face as he eyes the card in her hand.

Jess glanced at the card curiously, her eyes falling on a second number scrawled in neat penmanship beneath Sophia’s office line. “Actually yes, what is it?”

John lifted his phone in his hand and grinned at her. “That’s my personal number. I’d very much like to see you again Jess, not for business, but for a date.”

Jess blushed softly but smiled. She wasn’t used to being asked out point-blank like this. But then, John had presented himself with confidence and poise the entire afternoon. This was probably very in-character for him.

“Um, I’d love to!”

“Great,” he said, smiling that same warm, gentle smile. “I’ll take you to dinner on Saturday night after I’m back if you’re available?”

“Well, I think I’m actually picking up a very important person from the airport Saturday evening first, so we may have to plan our dinner after that. See, he’s on his way to negotiate a major business deal all on his own without a business partner so I want to make sure I’m here to get him once he’s back. I’m sure it’ll be a stressful few days.” Jess grinned slyly at him and was delighted to watch John’s face overtaken by surprise. He composed himself, laughing and smiling widely at her in return, the biggest smile he’d shown her all day.

“If Jess’s Layman Limo Service is offering to pick me up from the airport on Saturday evening, I would be delighted to accept!”

“And for only $19.99 per month, you can have two more airport pick-ups or drop-offs at a discount!”

“Oh that reminds me, I did promise you a tip much larger than you’re used to getting when you first picked me up.”

“You don’t owe me a thing. You’re already recommending me for the job in your office and asked me out just now. I don’t want to feel like you’re buying my attention or something. You don’t have to give me anything at all.”

“You're sure? It’s not like I can’t afford it,” he laughed jovially.

“Positive. I can’t take all three things from you! I’m already being spoiled enough as it is!”

“I can understand that. Fair enough!”

The two shared a comfortable smile before Jess looked away, her eyes slightly downcast as an anxious thought suddenly invaded her mind. “So…you don’t think I’m disgusting for what happened a few minutes ago? You aren’t revolted by the fact that you had to shield me while I lost control and peed in a parking lot a foot behind you?”

John shook his head, leaning in close to Jess and lowering his voice. “Jess, that was one of the hottest things I’ve ever witnessed. And not only the ending just now, but the entire drive.”

Jess blushed fiercely but felt somehow flattered too. Sure she may not be as confident in saying things like that as John was, but she enjoyed feeling desired by someone she found desirable. It wasn’t the most common feeling in the world for her, but somehow she just knew there was something special between them already. Jess decided she’d test the waters and her own confidence a little.

“Well…maybe I won’t have time to use the restroom before I come pick you up Saturday evening. Who knows?” she offered coyly, chancing a wink at him. To her delight, John blushed a bit before composing himself yet again.

“Whatever the state you’re in, I just know I’d love to see you again in a few days. I hate to cut things short, but I have to run Jess. Thank you again for getting me here on time. I’ll call Sophia on my way in and I’ll see you Saturday!” Jess smiled and nodded, sending him on his way.

“Have a safe flight,” she called as her passenger hurried across the parking lot towards the airport. He called his thanks back to her before rushing towards the main entrance. Turning towards the car again, Jess noticed the incredible puddle she’d left under and around the car. Marveling at the fact that she’d managed to hold all of that for as long as she had, she jumped across it and back into her car, closing the door and reaching for her phone. She input the two numbers John had given her and felt her heart flutter at the prospect of seeing him again. John Marshal was someone very interesting indeed.

Preparing to head back home at long last, Jess looked towards the airport doors once more. The man she’d spent the better part of the last hour with had just entered the building and the doors were sliding shut behind him. She glanced at her phone clock to see if holding her pee that long had been worth it. Smiling contentedly to herself, she put the car in drive and began to head home for the day, exhausted but more excited for the future than she’d felt in quite a while.

4:59pm.

Ahead of schedule.

*005*2021-03-16 21:53

Wow, thank you all so much! I've been trying to motivate myself to write an idea of mine into a real story/book for months and have been struggling a lot but all your compliments have inspired me and given me a drive to give it a real committed try! And I'll absolutely write more for this site soon too! <3

