Does anyone have a copy of my "Going Astray" stories?

Author: Indigo

*000*2022-07-12 21:39

Hi.

I used to post stories at Skymouse's place, Katykins' site and Shara & Ger's. I know that some people saved them because every so often one of them turns up on another site (sometimes with an author attribution; and sometimes being passed off as the poster's own work!).

One very popular series of stories was my "Helen & Andy" series ... and just about the time Shara & Ger's place stopped accepting new contributions I wrote a sequel series "Going Astray", which dealt with Helen after Andy went off to university.

The three "Going Astray" stories which I completed were only ever posted on Katykins' site ... now long gone. And most unfortunately, I suffered a catastrophic hard drive crash which means I cannot recover them from my own computer.

Soooooo ... does anyone happen to have a copy of them tucked away somewhere ... and if so would you be able to send me a copy. I never did complete the series and I would like to do so ... as well as developing the "Meanwhile in Lancaster ..." series which will deal with Andy's adventures at university.

If anyone can help with this I really will be MOST appreciative.

*002*2022-07-13 05:18

No idea, I'm afraid ... my bookmark for it went in the hard drive crash. Like I said, it was pretty catastrophic!

*005*2022-07-13 16:50

I'm delighted to hear that you liked my work, rebel.

I'm going to be laid up for a bit over the summer following a scheduled operation ... so I'm starting to think about maybe writing a sequel to Night Mail. Watch this space ...

*009*2022-07-14 16:33

{{9 hours ago, Axel S said:

Do you remember the name you posted them under?

}}

Yeah ... Indigo.

I've ALWAYS been Indigo on wetting sites ...

*011*2022-07-14 20:10

Oooooh ... that was Lucy's Experiment, the first Omo story I ever wrote (WIth the first word, "Lucy", cut off for some reason.)

I'm kinda honoured that so many people were keeping copies of my work ... hopefully sooner or later someone's going to turn up who has the Going Astray stories saved, too.

