Urinate! - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: i like wet bikinis

*000*2020-05-06 23:15

Clara watched the door to the outside world close. The Doctor had just left, in a hurry, on some sort of mission of his own. He clearly hadn’t wanted her with him. She sighed, standing, hands on hips, glaring at the door. Briefly she considered waiting a few minutes and then following him from a distance. She decided against it. He must have had his own reasons for going out on his own. Whatever those reasons might have been. 

She waited there for a few moments, then decided she might as well make good use of her time. She made herself a mug of tea, then settled down on a comfortable leather sofa with a book. After a while, she realised that her concentration was being interrupted by her body suggesting that she should go for a pee. She had been ignoring it, but now perhaps the moment had come. At least she wouldn’t be disturbed while on the toilet on this occasion. 

She put her book down. She swung her feet on to the floor, and stood up. The nearest toilet was not normally her first choice. The en-suite was a short walk away. The ‘operational facilities’, as the Doctor called them were right next to the control room. But they consisted of just an alcove – no door – with a urinal and a continental-style squat pan. The Doctor insisted that they were useful for acclimatising to visiting places with primitive toilets or none. 

At first, Clara had been annoyed how the Doctor would often follow her there and continue their conversation from the door, but now she was used to it. She now took it for granted that he might watch her pee and it didn’t bother her. After all, she so often had to relieve herself in improvised ways in his company that there was no point being prudish about it. 

However, it was quite nice for a girl to have a bit of privacy occasionally, particularly when weeing. First step, knickers off. Hands up under her short skirt, a tug and a wriggle and her lacy black panties were sliding down past her knees. She stepped out of them and put them on the side of the sink. Feet on the two little islands on the pan, flick up the short dress and squat. Lean forward to point yourself down at the hole and, relax. Thank goodness for crotchless tights; another essential piece of equipment for an adventurous girl. She had so often been glad of them when she’d had to pee alfresco, sometimes weeing through her knickers when there had been no better alternative. Conventional tights would have been inconvenient to remove, and messy to pee through. 

Her pee thundered, on target, straight down the drain and into the water. Clara looked down, watching herself as she emptied and making sure her aim was true. She felt a sense of satisfaction that the stream was flowing freely. Sometimes a sideways dribble would wet her bum or thighs and that was just annoying. 

Her stream weakened as her comfort increased. As it dribbled to nothing she squeezed a couple of final squirts out. She reached for the paper, wiped herself dry (front to back; Clara was an educated and careful young woman) and pulled up her knickers as she stood up. After a few adjustments to underwear and dress she was done. She washed and dried her hands and returned to the control room. 

There was still no sign of the Doctor. Clara checked the time. No hurry. She made herself a large pot of tea and settled down with a book. 

She woke up. Nearly three hours had passed. She checked the teapot; it was empty and cool. She must have drunk the whole lot before she dozed off. Still no sign of the Doctor. She called out for him. Silence. She rose to her feet, yawned and stretched. She looked around, and decided she would step outside and see for herself where they were. 

She got to the door, and realised she badly needed to pee. She paused, thought for a moment and decided not to relieve herself before stepping outside. She was not going far. Perhaps she might find a toilet. And if not, well, if she had to squat in the grass, or behind a bush, it would hardly be the first time. She had tissues and hand sanitiser with her. 

She opened the door and looked out. She was looking across an empty courtyard. No sign of life, just large, shabby brick buildings. They looked derelict. Now she cast her eyes around them, some of the windows were broken. A few hung open. All the buildings were dark inside. 

She closed the door behind her and walked across the courtyard. A door was open, inviting her in to explore. She looked around. All was still, all was silent. She felt nervous, tense, and realised she really had to pee. She wondered whether to go back, but her curiosity overcame her. Anyway, she thought, there is probably a toilet somewhere in this building. And, if it really is abandoned, nobody will care if I pee under the stairs or in an empty room. She suddenly realised she had put her hand between her thighs and her fingers were squeezing her coochie through her dress. 

She stepped inside. She shivered. ‘I’m nervous’, she thought, pulling her jacket around her. She wasn’t really cold. Her dress was short, reaching only half-way to her knees, but her black tights were keeping her legs warm. 

There was a long corridor ahead of her. It was gloomy, with no artificial light. She saw a light switch on the wall and flicked it. No power. As her eyes adjusted, she saw closed doors at infrequent intervals. She tried the first two. Both were locked. She crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together. She looked down at the dusty wooden floor and imagined the messy puddle she would make if she relieved herself there. No, it was too close to the front door. 

Wondering what the building had been used for, and why it might now be empty, she walked down the corridor, going slowly, to keep the noise down. All she could hear was the sound of her own breathing. All the doors were shut. She tried a few more, but they too were locked. She reached a staircase, but it opened directly on the corridor. A locked door – probably to a store cupboard – was next to it. She wondered whether to go up to the turning point. She imagined herself squatting, skirt up, tights and knickers down, bum and thighs exposed, and pissing on the floor just there. It was tempting. But then she thought about the noise she would make, splashing down the stairs, and how visible her growing puddle would be at the bottom. She wasn’t sure yet that the building was empty, and that would be a bad way to meet an unfriendly resident. Gosh, she was desperate. She only just stopped herself from trickling some dampness from her yoni. 

She continued down the corridor, thinking that her first priority now was to find somewhere to wee, while she could still hold it in. She worried that she might accidentally lose control and piss in her knickers if she left it much longer. Ahead she saw another corridor off to the right and, to her left, a wide recess to a wide doorway. ‘Thank heavens,’ she thought, ‘as long as the doors are locked, I can pee there, with my back to them, and keep a watch down the corridors. If I’m disturbed, I’ve a choice of escape routes’. 

The doors were locked. She checked. She turned, pulling up her dress to her waist. Hooking her thumbs over the top of her black tights, ready quickly to pull them down with her knickers, she peered right and left, checking the corridors were still dark and empty. They were. She had just tugged down her underwear to bare her punani when she heard a familiar voice call her name. 

‘Doctor?’ she shouted back, struggling to pull up her tights and straighten her dress. She barely managed to stop herself peeing. She had been just about to use the floor of the doorway as her personal toilet. She was sure she had leaked a little squirt, wet her knickers and, looking down, saw a few dark, damp spots on the dusty wooden floor. 

‘Clara!’ she heard again, ‘Over here!’ 

It came from her left, further down the corridor and deeper into the darkness. She hurried off. 

‘I’m coming!’, she shouted. 

‘You’ve got to see this!’ came the reply. 

‘Where are you?’ she called, as she got to an intersection of corridors. 

‘Over here’ she heard, from the left turning. She ran towards the Doctor’s voice. 

She stopped. The corridor had ended in a wide doorway. The double doors were open. Beyond was a large, gloomy room, the size of a college sports hall. 

It was empty. 

‘Doctor?’ she said, in a normal tone. 

Silence. She felt her muscles tense. She was alone. 

‘Doctor?’ she said again. 

No reply. 

She walked through the doors. The room opened up either side of her. She looked around, saw nothing. Cautiously, she tiptoed across towards the far stage. 

‘Doctor?’ she said, quietly. 

With a slam, the doors behind shut suddenly. There was a sound of a powered machine driving itself down the corridor, getting louder and nearer. 

‘Doctor!’ she yelled. 

With a bang, the doors burst open. The lights were now on in the corridor behind, dazzling her, but she saw a fearsome domed shape silhouetted in the entrance. 

‘EXTERMINATE!’ came the harsh, loud, metallic command. 

Time seemed to freeze for Clara. She realised there was no escape for her. She was standing in the middle of a large, empty room, with a killing machine blocking the only exit. Her legs felt weak. Her stomach muscles tightened up. She felt her bladder contract and she just had to piss as hard as she possibly could. She could not resist the urge to pee. Clara answered the call of nature where she stood. 

She felt she ought to run, but didn’t know where she could run to. She thought she’d be shot down as soon as she moved. She heard a loud splattering noise and realised it was the sound she was making by pissing on the floor. 

Something nagged at the back of her mind. The order had been ‘URINATE!’, not ‘EXTERMINATE’. She could hear another sound. It was the Doctor’s laughter. He also appeared in the doorway. 

‘Your face!’, he exclaimed. ‘You thought this thing was real!’ 

And he laughed again. 

Clara realised it was another of his elaborate practical jokes. It wasn’t funny. She was furious. He’d terrified her. And made her wet herself. 

She suddenly realised that she was still urinating, standing in front of him, wetting her knickers. She could feel the hot liquid buzzing out from her lips, swirling inside her underwear , snaking down the back of her legs. Her tights were wet and her boots full of warm piss. She looked down at the stream splashing on the ground between her feet, the splash marks sprayed over the floor in front of her and behind (she realised that her legs and feet were getting splashed too). 

She wasn’t just draining her bladder, she was so stressed that she was physically pissing as forcefully as she could. She tried to stop weeing but couldn’t. She still needed to go so badly that she had no choice but to go to the toilet where she stood. She looked up and saw the Doctor staring at her, his pretty young assistant, wetting her knickers right in front of him. 

She still couldn’t regain control. Although she didn’t want to, she had to piss more through her panties. She parted her thighs and bent her knees, so less ran down her legs. The splattering sound got louder. She kept peeing, looking at the Doctor staring at her. After a while she tried again to stop, and found that she could make the flow stop. The stream from between her legs faded and then became a line of slowing drips. 

It took a long time for her to forgive the Doctor. Particularly when he showed the fake gun he had made. It had allowed him to control her bladder. He demonstrated that as they walked back together, when he pointed it at her, pulled the trigger, and made her pee in her knickers again immediately he did so. 


*003*2020-05-09 08:35

{{8 hours ago, Mindsinger said: 

I want one of those guns. 

}}

I have one. It's about the size of a matchbox. It's just a black box with a small tube at one end, and a display screen on top. With one control I can quickly fill her bladder. It takes 15-30 minutes normally to get her to the point where she's desperate. A second control affects the messages she is getting about how full she is. When I turn that right down, she barely thinks about needing to pee. When I turn it right up, she suddenly feels an intense need to let go. 

That's what the Doctor did to Clara as they walked back. He'd quietly filled her up again, and made sure she didn't realise. Then he flicked the switch to full sensitivity. Clara just had to stop walking, bend her legs and piss in her knickers where she stood. 

The screen confirms the gun's target, how full they are, how fast they are filling, and how full they feel they are. 

My gun is not for sale. Sorry. 

{{On 5/7/2020 at 7:31 AM, Melificentfan said: 

What a awesome story that was I really enjoyed reading it 

}}

Thank you! 

*005*2020-05-13 22:09

{{On 5/10/2020 at 9:11 PM, AlphaCentauri said: 

I too enjoyed this story. It was well written and well paced. 

}}

Thank you! 

*007*2023-02-26 20:51

{{On 2/20/2023 at 9:14 AM, Kaiden Harris said: 

Is this Smith or Capaldi as the doctor? (Clara travelled with both) 

}}

Capaldi, I think. Do you agree? 
