Bollywood Bladder

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2018-01-20 11:20

“Cut! Say it with more feeling, Raj! Feeling, understand?!!”

The movie shoot started at around 6 a.m. and it was now 17 minutes past two in the afternoon. Even though Mallika didn’t know it had been exactly that long, she did know it had been a long while, especially since she needed to urinate very badly at the moment. To make matters worse, her hands were tied to a wooden pillar behind her (this was part of the movie plot where the character she was playing was kidnapped---earlier on during filming, she was given a glass of water to drink and it was giving her trouble now). But even if she could go use the toilet in her trailer right now, she was too embarrassed to admit it to the mostly-male film crew that she had to relieve herself.

It was the longest movie job Mallika had been on so far, but she had known before that the director Mr. Tilak was a perfectionist.

But then a couple of minutes later, Mr. Tilak decided to take a break.

“Cut! Let’s break for five minutes. One second over and you’re fired!”

Mallika could count the number of words in Marathi that she knew on one hand, but “cut” and “break” were two of them. She breathed a sigh of relief, but to her horror, nobody stopped to untie her even as they went outside of the abandoned warehouse where the filming was taking place (or in Mr. Tilak’s case, to his trailer) to relieve their own bladders. The language barrier didn’t help, either.

There was no way Mallika could admit that she had to pee, but she had to get someone’s attention somehow. Just then, she saw Samy---her lassi-wallah and the only person on the film crew who understood both Marathi and Tamil---come back inside the warehouse. As she got ready to call his name, she was shifting from foot to foot uncontrollably underneath her red sari.

“Samy?”

He turned his head. “Yes, madam?”

Then a look of shock and regret came over his face. “Madam! Oh, I’m so sorry, I forgot about you! I’m sorr…”

“It’s alright, Samy,” Mallika replied, slightly annoyed. “Could you untie me so I can have my lunch?”

“Yes, madam.” But instead of untying her, he ran to her trailer to get her a mango lassi. He wasn’t a very smart man. She also would have preferred to talk to her female assistant Madurai (whom she would have been a little less embarrassed to admit her need to urinate to), but she was still outside.

“Now untie me, Samy,” she said when he came back with her lassi.

“Oh, right, sorry, madam!” he exclaimed. But just when he started to, the break was over.

“Alright, everybody back to work!” Mr. Tilak bellowed while clapping his hands twice. “Samy, what are you doing?!!”

“Mallika needs to eat, sir,” Samy replied in Tamil-accented Marathi.

“There’s no time for that!” Mr. Tilak snapped. “Now get out of the way of the cameras!”

Samy just shrugged his shoulders and then walked away.

“Action!”

Mallika’s heart sank as her last chance to pee for when she didn’t know how long went away. The sensation of her full bladder was sheer agony, but she knew that it was haraam for her to admit it to a man.

Three more hours passed as they continued filming, but for Mallika and her bladder, it felt like an eternity. She had her knees pressed together and she was futilely trying to keep a straight face. She wished her hands were untied so she could bury them deep into her crotch. She was also sweating heavily from both the heat and from her desperation - it dripped off her face and onto her ample chest. Mr. Tilak kept filming and re-filming a scene where Raj’s character is berating one of his lackeys and she was wondering how many times he would keep doing it.

But then Raj started pouring a bottle of wine into a glass (which was also written in the script) and suddenly Mallika couldn’t hold it any longer. She didn’t care about haraam, shame or modesty anymore - she needed to pee now and she would wet herself if she wasn’t untied to do so.

“I-I need to go to the toilet!” she blurted out.

“What did you say?!!” Mr. Tilak responded, neglecting to yell “cut.”

“Mallika said she needs to go to the toilet,” Samy translated.

“She can wait until filming is over,” Mr. Milak replied unsympathetically. “There’s not much light left!”

“Please, I need to go very badly!” Mallika continued to beg while Samy translated again, her legs trembling. “I ca…” She suddenly felt a spurt of urine escape from her body and into the crotch of her silk panties, making her gasp. Then she struggled to keep herself clamped shut.

“I said you can wait!” Mr. Talik shouted. “I don’t care how big of a star you are. On my set, I’m in charge!”

“But I h...oh, no, no, no, no!!!” Her bladder could take no more torture and she began to wet herself. Urine poured down her legs and saturated the front of the lower half of her sari. It splashed onto the ground, forming a huge puddle at her slipper-clad feet. She could feel the warmth as she sobbed in utter humiliation. Mr. Tilak and the rest of the film crew just stared in complete shock.

After the last of her bladder’s contents had emptied into her clothes, Mr. Tilak broke the silence.

“Cut! We can use some of that footage. Very realistic, Mallika!”

Mallika sobbed even louder upon hearing this, her head hanging in shame.

