Eleanor and the Quack Doctor – another totally 100% historically accurate medieval story

Author: idunno0

*000*2025-06-22 02:46

Just to make a few things clear: this will be a story featuring a character from my earlier "historical" fiction thread on here, because I still can't be bothered to come up with a new one & also I like her.

$/110708-totally-100-entirely-historically-accurate-medieval-storystories/

However, the story in this new topic can be seen as a kind of prequel, so if you haven't seen the old topic that's not an issue.

Enjoy!

###

Eleanor and the Quack Doctor

Part 1

In the blessed and rainier-than-usual year of our Lord 1309, there was an above-average-sized farmhouse in Southern France.

Its door was painted blue. Nearby lay a dog. There were many such dogs, houses at the time, yet these ones were special because they served as the opening scene to a story.

The dog yawned and rolled over. His only purpose was to smoothe the transition between the description of the house's door and the statement that there were many houses like it, but he was blissfully unaware of that. A cold breeze stirred his fur and he sauntered away into oblivion.

In the wind there hung a faint scent of soaked grain. Old rain dripped from grapes into mud and summoned worms from the earth.

Some enjoyed that, said it was the gift of nature. Others argued it all smelled of old feet and urine, actually.

Near the farmhouse, a clothesline had been raised.

On the clothesline hung a pair of stockings and a thin white underdress.

A line of little flowers was embroidered along the hem of the dress, and it was an incredible, totally unforeseen coincidence that it, too, smelled of urine. There where one might expect to find a pair of legs, a yellow stain shaped like an elongated three-fingered hand reached all over and creased the thin fabric, making it appear even more translucent than otherwise.

Both the underdress and the stain belonged to a woman named Eleanor.

Eleanor lived in the house.

She lived there alongside her father and her mother. It might come as a surprise she even had two sisters, who did indeed live there as well.

At twenty years, Eleanor was neither the youngest nor the oldest of her sisters, but she was the wettest. Eleanor's bladder was neither the smallest nor the largest, though she was by far the best at filling it, unfortunately.

Emptying it was also among her talents. Everyone agreed that was the problem, and Eleanor had begun to fear she would never find a husband to leave her above-average-sized, blue-doored house with.

The idea of leaving had seemed increasingly attractive to her lately. Her mother, who had always been averse to Eleanor's talents, had fallen for a tall quack doctor with long hair and a longer, lying tongue.

As a married woman, she would of course never dare admit to it, but nonetheless it was obvious to Eleanor. Her mother bought all his ointments and healing stones and swallowed his stinking potions with open throat like they were something else, and now she was trying to make her daughter swallow too.

There would be a tourney at Toulouse tommorow. Her mother had insisted they needed to address her bladder if they were going to attend it, though Eleanor was fairly certain she'd only wanted a reason to call upon her new physician yet again. He'd already come to their home thrice that week.

Last time, her mother had rubbed her neck with a folded-up carpet for half an hour so she could ask about the rashes that had oh-so-strangely appeared on her skin.

Eleanor tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "Mother, why must he hear of this?"

Her face felt warm and tingling, as if red ants were scurrying accross. She was blushing. For someone who insisted her accidents were undignified, her mother was describing them in humiliating detail. "Eleanor," she warned. "I told you, this must be helped."

"By him?" Eleanor had little faith in that.

Her mother ignored her and fondled the physician's sleeve. "Oh, Pedro, you must forgive my daughter. She's only a little embarrassed."

"You are forgiven, Madame," he said in accented French. "I have seen much cases... much, many more delicate than this."

"Such as?" Eleanor settled in the soft cushioned chair near the window. She'd deliberately piss a pond into it before believing this Pedro was a real physician.

"Too delicate," he said, shaking his head. "Too much delicate to talk around." Pedro claimed he had come from Aragon, the kingdom to the south, but Eleanor doubted that.

She didn't know much of Aragon's people; but how different from Occitanians could they be? Pedro, however, was very different. His hair licked at his back with glistening grease, and when he smiled, his lips bent the wrong way. The strings braided firmly into his locks reached down past his arse, dyed red and ochre and pink. Was Pedro even his real name?

Either way it was a mystery where he had truly come crawling from. His fingers were weirdly long, too. Thin, rather delicate.

"But of course," Eleanor answered him. "We shan't talk around any further."

"Oui." He smiled. Something blue lurked between two teeth.

Her mother also smiled, and corrected his pronunciation. Pedro placed the chest he usually kept strapped to his body as if it were his son upon the table. He opened it, only to reveal a cask and another, smaller chest.

He opened it. Inside the small chest there sat a contraption of little glass vials and steel and copper tubes that ran over and around each other as if desperately trying to remember what they were meant to be doing.

Eleanor peered closer and thought she recognized a trumpet embedded within the machine. Then Pedro's fingers slithered inside, scratched a thing, and suddenly the room reeked of burnt bread.

He sniffed. "Now I will do my examination. Tell me, Eleanor—"

Eleanor wanted no part in it. "Wait a moment." She snapped her legs crossed, menacingly. "I have to pee."

Her mother rolled her eyes. "Now? This won't take long."

"Please, it's urgent," said Eleanor, knowing it wasn't. Not this time.

"Urgency." Pedro nodded and stroked his chin. "Oui. Oui." Her mother probably thought he appeared wise, but Eleanor still remembered the time he had gone off to consult a frog after her father complained to him of aching knees, "for frogs do not have knees, merely crooked legs."

"When you feel this urgency..." Pedro hesitated and licked his lips. "Tell, how do you feel the urgency?"

"What?" She crossed her legs the other way, keeping up appearances.

"It's not a trick question, Eleanor," her mother snapped.

"Does he not know how needing to pee feels?"

"On course I do," Pedro said, "but no two bodies are the same. That is why my work is so difficult."

"Tell Pedro, Eleanor."

Eleanor sighed and uncrossed her legs. There was no getting out of this, evidently. "It's a pressure," she said. "It presses downward. Feels a bit warm and tingling, like your face after biting into a lemon."

"Fascinating," Pedro said. "A lemon, even."

"Fascinating? Is it?"

"Yes, it's." He fiddled with one of his copper pipes. Another half-baked scent escaped, and he sniffed at the pipe like a dog did at piss. Then he stuck a finger up his nose.

He scratched. Twisted the finger, and grinned triumphantly.

Eleanor presumed that meant he was pleased with what he'd found. Her mother continued to look upon it all as if struck by two bricks. "Excuse me," Pedro told her after wiping his hand clean.

"Oh Pedro, you mustn't apologize. Your healings are an art we cannot comprehend." She fingered his shoulder. "Do you have a remedy?"

"We are there, almost." He stepped closer to Eleanor. She became very aware of her chair's backrest. Soaking the cushions wouldn't help; so couldn't they just swallow her?

"When you let pee in your dresses," Pedro said, "how does it... how do you say it? How does it–"

"Feel?"

"No. Before. When it–"

"You mean how it escapes?"

"Yes!" He jumped into the air, sandal slipping off from one foot. "Tell me."

Eleanor sighed. "It feels like it goes cold, down there. My bladder slowly numbs, and starts this terrible tickle that seems to... spread everywhere else." She looked down to examine her lap, which suddenly seemed fascinating. "Mostly it just hurts, though."

"Of course!" Pedro exclaimed, failing to retie his shoe. "I know how to treat you."

"How?" Despite all, Eleanor wanted to believe it.

"With this!" He turned to his copper contraption. Eleanor prepared to flee.

Then Pedro closed the chest that contained the copper, and allowed it to again be swallowed by its larger comrade, along with the cask. Good. He did not yet strap it to his back, instead reaching for his belt.

From a leather pouch Eleanor hadn't noticed before, Pedro drew a large bottle filled with something green she surmised was swamp water.

"This," he said, "is a potion that can be brewed only with many most rare roots and herbs from my homeland. That is Aragon, you know."

"Are you aware my problem is that I drink too–"

"What does it do?" her mother interrupted.

"Eleanor's problem is that the gate, we will say, of her bladder is not strong enough to hold her waters for many time. I have seen this before." Pedro sloshed the potion around. "Luckily it can be helped. This potion has properties of strength and hard. When you drink it, it enters the bladder fast, and there it will make the gate hold better."

"When should she take it?"

Pedro frowned. "When she goes outside, after how many time does she feel the urgency?"

This was ridiculous. Eleanor squeezed her arm, for there was no way any of it was real. It had to be a dream. When she did not awaken in her bed, she sprang up from her chair towards them. "Obviously it depends on–"

"About two or three hours."

"Then she should drink a bottle anytime she goes outside for longer than two hours. I will give you eight to start with."

Eleanor snatched the bottle from Pedro's long fingers. "Let me taste that."

"On course."

She took a sip. It tasted bitter but drinkable, like watered-down acorns mixed with cheap ale. The worst of it was the green pulp caught between her teeth, alongside the fact that it was a gigantic bloody bottle of liquid that "entered the bladder fast."

"I'm not drinking that," she said.

"Yes, you are." Her mother shook her head and accepted another bottle which Pedro had conjured up from somewhere. "When we go to Toulouse for the tourney tomorrow, I will not have you disgrace yourself yet another time."

"So your brilliant solution to me needing to pee," Eleanor said incredulously, "is to make me drink more liquids?"

"Medicine, Eleanor. You'll be drinking medicine made by a renowned physician."

All Eleanor heard was drinking.

*004*2025-06-29 04:35

Welcome to part 2 everyone, in which we shall be seeing Eleanor's father continue to be cucked by Pedro the Piss Physician.

- - - - -

Inevitable

[in-ev-i-tuh-buhl]

Adjective

Unable to be avoided, evaded, or escaped; certain; fated.

- The inevitable end of human life is death.

- An inevitable conclusion.

- The accident was the inevitable consequence/result/outcome of carelessness.

Synonyms: ineluctable, unavoidable, sure to occur, happen, or come; unalterable; to have unfavorable odds, and to prepare for a future everyone ought to see coming, damn it.

Eleanor was about halfway certain she was going to wet herself today.

The first sunlight of the morrow trickled in through her bedchamber's window. Everyone else still slumbered. Currently she stood near her wardrobe, nude but for her stockings, trying to consider damage control.

A black dress would conceal stains the best, probably, but she didn't own any black dresses. Her sister Anais did, though. For a moment Eleanor wondered if she might let her borrow it.

"Anais, could I use your dress?" she heard her own voice say. "I need a good one to piss in."

Maybe not.

Yellow might work, but that made her feel as though she was asking her bladder for it; and Eleanor would not ask.

Eleanor was going to fight it, as she had fought her mother over having to drink Pedro's bottles of swamp water. The fighting had turned to pleading, back to fighting, to cursing, and then her mother had ended it all by threatening she'd elsewise marry Eleanor to Old Man Philippe, who reeked of cheese and an ox's steamy breath.

They said Philippe hadn't been able to raise his hands above his neck in four years, but he did hold a farm that was larger than her family's by about a foot and a half.

Feasts and tourneys such as today's ofttime provided opportunities to freely find a husband, supposedly. Eleanor looked down at herself. Normally that might mean she'd try to look all pretty, but today her priorities lay elsewhere.

The wardrobe continued to lurk within view. It would have to be blue, she decided.

By the time she finished dressing, the sun had soaked her bedchamber entirely. She told it goodbye and walked out to find her mother awaiting her with one of Pedro's massive bottles set upon the dining table.

Eleanor yawned. It was too early in the morning for another fight. She took the bottle and began to drink.

Before it was even half-empty, her tongue felt numb from swallowing and the pulp was making her queasy. Reaching the bottom, a renewed anger bubbled up into her head.

Eleanor felt like flinging the bottle into the hearth to shatter there among the ashes, then realized she hadn't had her morning pee yet. She was allowed that, at least.

Not that she stopped to ask. "Meet us in the yard," her mother called after her.

She fidgeted as she hurried to draw her chamber pot from under the bed, fumbled with her skirts, but the feeble trickle that left her was quick to inform none of that had been needed.

Eleanor groaned. The only thing she loathed more than peeing herself was her body fooling her into thinking she had to pee. Ofttimes her bladder could be so deceptive she doubted whether she ought to pay it any attention at all.

"Full bladder or an itch?" she whispered to no one in particular.

Her golden trickle reduced to mere droplets she had to catch carefully because they clung to the little hairs between her thighs before losing their grip into a myriad of unexpected directions. "Sweating or leaking?" Eleanor asked them. "A torrent or a bit of residue?"

Unsurprisingly, her pee did not reply.

Looking down into the pot, she felt disappointed by how little she had relieved herself of. Pedro's potion still lurked within her stomach, of course. Like an army on route to the castle it meant to besiege.

All Eleanor could do now was hope one of its trebuchets' wheels would get stuck in the mud. She muttered a brief prayer and left the house.

"Best morning," Pedro greeted her.

He was seated on their wagon along with her mother and a man she did not recognize, and somehow Eleanor was not even a little surprised to see him.

"What's he doing here now?" she asked either way. Her father wasn't joining them, because he was frightened of warhorses, or something. Yet Pedro was?

"You ought to be grateful," her mother said. "Pedro is joining us today just so he can monitor you."

"I'm honored." Eleanor clambered onto the wagon. She misliked the way Pedro and her mother were leaning into each other, so she settled at the front, beside the man handling the donkey's reins. He seemed to be about her age.

He pulled at the reins and the wagon rolled forward. Pedro pointed at him. "That is my assistant, Tomas."

Assistant?

"Pleased to meet you," he said.

Eleanor shuffled away from him and began to look for frogs or copper pipes concealed beneath his cloak. "Why do you work for him?" she asked when she didn't find any.

"Coin."

"Coin?"

He gave her a look. "Yes. Those round shiny things."

Eleanor rolled her eyes. "I think I've heard of them. Are you in debt, or something?"

"What?" He frowned at the notion. "No. My family's been saving up to buy a farmstead for three generations, so the yields of the land belong to us, not to the Count. First my grandfather and then my father and now me." A grin broke through his lips and his eyes glistened. On Pedro, it would've looked greedy. "And I'm close."

Something about the way he said it made her smile, too. "Alright, then. I suppose it is a kind of debt, though. To your ancestors."

Tomas seemed to think about that. "Maybe. They're not as demanding as the Count."

"Anyway," Eleanor said, "I hope you get to buy it."

"Thank you." His gaze lingered on her form for a little too long, as if he was hesitant about something. "I will."

Did he like the blue of her dress? Or had Pedro, damn him, told this complete stranger about her piss potions?

Eleanor feared it was the latter. As Pedro's assistant, Tomas may even have been the one lugging the bottles around. She tried to direct her thoughts away from that, though she had little better on her mind.

It had rained again throughout the night. Rather than Pedro's trebuchet, it was their wagon that kept getting its wheels stuck in the mud.

Even Old Man Philippe might've made better pace than them, and the air was so damp it felt as though seeping through Eleanor's skirts. After some time there was a twinge in her bladder but she was unsure how much of it was pee and how much mere discomfort from the cold and humidity.

Did cold air rouse the bladder, she wondered, or was it so that a full bladder made its owner more sensitive to cold?

Eleanor crossed her legs and folded her hands over her lap. She told herself it was only to keep warm.

"Do tell Pedro if you're in need of another dose, Eleanor," her mother said. She tried not to pay it any mind, but then Tomas glanced at her again and nearly drove the donkey into a bramble bush.

He knew.

The remaining journey trickled by in silence. Eleanor spent most her time straining to think of ways to slow the potion's advance towards her bladder. She thought it might help to try sitting completely still, rigid as a tree trunk, but that only made her more aware of her accursed, besieged body. Would it be better to lie down on the bottom of the wagon, perhaps?

Stick her legs high into the air and lean back?

Pray some more? Because she was filling up, inevitably

Yield?

No, it was too late for that. They had arrived at Toulouse. She could already smell the horses and hear the crowds drawn by the tourney.

The mud was defeated by a cobblestone road. That pleased Eleanor, for it meant they now again outpaced Old Philippe. She was less pleased by the sensations in her bladder. Many little droplets gathered inside of her, whispering not like leaves on an overwatered tree but rather like her besiegers, assuming position.

They were prodding her gate, looking for weaknesses. Waving banners around. Dismounting. Parking the wagon. Eleanor and all her companions walked through a forest of pavilions raised from canvas dyed in more colors than she had known existed. There were smoldering cookfires and racks of blunted tourney lances and sigils covering every free surface, some stranger than others.

It was beautiful. Eleanor's thighs felt frozen. She needed to go pee.

Passing through the final ring of pavilions, she saw one that was particularly massive, a roaring azure lion embroidered on the side. Nearby a knight stood pissing.

She averted her eyes, gaze landing on the lion. "What?" it told her. "Not my fault you can't do that."

It had her mother's voice. Eleanor shivered. The crowds at the jousting grounds proper were overflowing like a black kettle.

Fuck.

She really needed to go pee. They were only just beginning to search seating, yet the hem of her dress was already dappled with mud that splashed up when her legs weaved around each other and stroked the linen. Farewell to walking normally.

"Let us seat there." Pedro tugged at her mother's sleeve. She nodded, blushed, and giggled. It was a sickening sight, almost as awful as the seating situation.

Clearly, the Count had spared all expenses. The bleachers were little more than an oversized diagonal ladder with steps made wide enough to sit upon. They climbed and walked over a plank near the top towards vacant spots, then lowered themselves onto the same plank. Eleanor's mother sat between Pedro and her. Tomas sat behind Pedro. The plank sat below her arse.

It was hard and wet, a wooden bite between her lower cheeks. Everything was clammy and she felt as though her skirts were folding inward, trying to wring Eleanor and all her piss out of their layers because it was too cold and her pee was always warm and steamy and there was a lot of it.

She leered at Pedro, at her mother. They were holding hands.

Fuck!

The planks were filling rapidly. Eleanor knew there would be no escaping once people had taken all seats surrounding her. Her feet dangled over open air, pulling at her, pulling, pulling, peeing, please.

She guessed there was a sloppy twelve feet between her and the ground. At that height it would be a waterfall. The dirt was already wet, upturned by hooves, though she did not yet see any warhorses. The knights were busy pissing.

In an attempt to stifle the crowd's impatience, singers and tumblers emerged, a man juggling burning practice swords following suit.

A distraction. Eleanor's eyes followed the wooden swords high into grey air. From her plank, the pavilions around looked like a cluster of mushrooms, some more poisonous than others. She saw big ones and small ones and one so tiny it could likely fit no more than a single person. Many men and women were standing around it, though.

She looked closer and realized it was a line. A rush surged through Eleanor, and for the first time in hours she felt warm. The tent was a public latrine. Her mother always used to lecture her about the indignity of such places, but if so many women were willing to line up for this one, that must surely mean it was private enough.

Eleanor got up to leave, now that she still could. The plank creaked as she hopped from leg to leg.

"Where do you think you're going?" her mother said.

Eleanor met her eyes, trying to stand still. "I need to... release my waters," she mumbled. "There's a latrine nearby. A proper one."

"No!" Pedro shuddered as if struck by a lance, and clutched her by the wrist. Eleanor lost her balance.

As she waved her arms around not to slip and tumble onto the crowd below, the tiniest dribble escaped her gate. "Let go of me!" she shouted. "Why not?"

"If you let the potion out, it will not do work. You must keep it in."

"Listen to Pedro, Eleanor."

The singers and tumblers fled. Eleanor heard hoofbeats, drawing more people over. Two men fought over a seat. "Mother, I have to go now. It's almost as bad as last time."

"Are you lying about it again, Eleanor?"

"When have I ever–"

"Yesterday."

Right. She shouldn't have done that. "I'm not lying now, I swear. The potion isn't working."

"How long does it take to work?" her mother asked Pedro.

"Normal, not long." He stroked his chin. "Maybe she needs one other."

"Bugger off!" For a moment she was filled with more rage than pee. She stomped her feet, only to have more of it drip out. "I'm overfull from just the one."

"Non, non." Pedro shook his head, braids fluttering in the wind. "It only seems so because the one potion has not done his work yet." He thrust another bottle into her hand and smiled.

A herald sauntered onto the jousting grounds, carrying a roll of parchment. Eleanor felt short of breath. She bit her lips, licked them. "I am going to wet–"

"Eleanor, that's enough!" Her mother's face turned red. "Sit down. Have some faith, by god."

As the only meek act of defiance Eleanor could muster, she abandoned her mother and Pedro, instead choosing to sit next to Tomas. He pointed at the bottle still clutched in her hand. "I wouldn't do that."

Obviously he had heard the exchange ensuing in front of him. Eleanor took some time to consider what the least shameful response might be. A question, she decided.

"What do you think of all this?" She gestured at the bottle.

"I'd tell you it's the most deranged thing I've ever seen Pedro do, but then I would be lying. I once saw him ask a frog for advice."

Eleanor laughed and almost peed. She doubled over, face brushing against Pedro's braids. "Be quiet," she told Tomas, pulling her skirts taut across her lap.

Not even three heartbeats later, an old man and woman sat down beside and behind her. Her chance to go pee had come and gone. Now, she might as well have been nailed into place.

The herald heralded the first two contending knights, clattering towards their positions. Eleanor recognized the nearest as the pissing lion. The spectators were however oblivious to that, and they cheered, a noise that seemed to send ripples through her bladder.

She whimpered, but it was near inaudible, for the crowd deafened anything not immediately next to her. Tomas leaned closer. "You're not gonna wet yourself, hear me? I believe in you."

"Then you don't know me well enough yet, Tomas. I fear it is inevitable."

Eleanor was certain she was going to wet herself today.

*006*2025-06-29 22:07

{{51 minutes ago, maple2002 said:

This is so good my man! keep writing!

}}

Thank you, will do! Writing this stuff is a pretty good way to practice, I've found.

*007*2025-06-30 20:50

Hey, if anyone has any suggestions/wishes for the next part, I'd love to hear them. Kind of curious about what sort of outcome you guys would prefer reading when it comes to stories like this.

